<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
<Humor>
<TEXT><![CDATA[
ITEM 729
"An old man was sitting on a bench at the mall. A young man walked up to the bench and sat down. He had spiked hair all different colors, green, red, orange, blue, and yellow. The old man just stared. The young man said, "What 's the matter old timer, never done anything wild in your life? " The old man replied, "Got drunk once and had sex with a parrot. I was just wondering if you were my son. ""


ITEM 161
"A young single guy is on a cruise ship, having the time of his life. On the second day of the cruise, the ship slams into an iceberg and begins to sink. Passengers around him are screaming, flailing, and drowning but our guy manages to grab on to a piece of driftwood and, using every last ounce of strength, swims a few miles through the shark-infested sea to a remote island. Sprawled on the shore nearly passed out from exhaustion, he turns his head and sees a woman lying near him, unconscious, barely breathing. She 's also managed to wash up on shore from the sinking ship. He makes his way to her, and with some mouth-to-mouth assistance he manages to get her breathing again. She looks up at him, wide-eyed and grateful and says, "My God, you saved my life! " He suddenly realizes the woman is Cindy Crawford!Days and weeks go by. Cindy and our guy are living on the island together. They 've set up a hut, there 's fruit on the trees, and they 're in heaven. Cindy 's fallen madly in love with our man, and they 're making passionate love morning, noon and night. Alas, one day she notices he 's looking kind of glum. "What 's the matter, sweetheart? " she asks, "We have a wonderful life together, I 'm in love with you. Is there something wrong? Is there anything I can do? "He says, "Actually, Cindy, there is. Would you mind, putting on my shirt? " "Sure, " she says, "if it will help. " He takes off his shirt and she puts it on. "Now would you put on my pants? " he asks. "Sure, honey, if it 's really going to make you feel better, " she says. "Okay, would you put on my hat now, and draw a little mustache on your face? " he asks. "Whatever you want, sweetie, " she says, and does.Then he says, "Now, would you start walking around the edge of the island? " She starts walking around the perimeter of the island. He sets off in the other direction. They meet up half way around the island a few minutes later. He rushes up to her, grabs her by the shoulders, and says, "Dude! You 'll never believe who I 'm sleeping with! ""


ITEM 363
"Bill and Marla decided that the only way to pull off a Sunday afternoon quickie with their 10-year-old son in the apartment was to send him out on the balcony and order him to report on all the neighborhood activities. The boy began his commentary as his parents put their plan into operation. "There 's a car being towed from the parking lot, " he said. "An ambulance just drove by. " A few moments passed. "Looks like the Anderson 's have company, " he called out. "Matt`s riding a new bike and the Coopers are having sex. " Mom and dad shot up in bed. "How do you know that? " the startled father asked. "Their kid is standing out on the balcony too, " his son replied."


ITEM 1001
"Your mama is so fat, she fell in love and broke it.Your house is so small, I put the key in the keyhole and I killed three people."


ITEM 1585
"An architect, an artist and an Accountant were discussing whether it was better to spend time with the wife or a mistress.The architect said he enjoyed time with his wife, building a solid foundation for an enduring relationship.The artist said he enjoyed time with his mistress because of the passion and mystery he found there.The Accountant guy said "I like both. " "Both? " The others asked. The Accountant guy replied "Yeah. If you have a wife and a mistress, they will each assume you are spending time with the other woman, and you can go to the office and get some work done. ""


ITEM 1085
"Lets play house. You be the door and I 'll slam you."


ITEM 1343
"After a long day at the office, Chris came home one day to find his dog with the neighbor 's pet rabbit in his mouth.The rabbit was obviously dead. Chris panicked! "If my neighbors find out my dog killed their bunny, they 'll hate me forever, " he thought.So he took the dirty, chewed up rabbit into the house, gave it a bath and blow-dried its fur.Chris knew his neighbors kept their backdoor open during the summer, so he snuck inside and put the bunny back into the cage, hoping his neighbors would think it died of natural causes.A couple of days later Chris and his neighbor saw each other outside. "Did you hear that Fluffy died? " the neighbor asked. "Oh. Uhmm... Sorry to hear that. What happened? " Chris mumbled.The neighbor replied: "We just found him dead in his cage one day. But the strange thing is that the day after we buried him, we went out to dinner and someone must have dug him up, gave him a bath and put him back into the cage! There are some really sick people out there! ""


ITEM 1682
"A cowboy is riding across the plains of the old west, when he is captured by Indians. The tribe puts him on trial for crimes against the Indian Nation, and he is found guilty. "You have been sentenced to death, " said the Chief, "but, as is our custom, you have three wishes to make as your last requests. " The cowboy thought for a minute and said, "Well, for my first wish, I 'll need my horse. " "Give him his horse, " said the Chief. The cowboy whispered something into the horse 's ear, and the horse took off like a shot across the prairie. Twenty minutes later, the horse returned with a beautiful blonde woman on its back. The cowboy looked at this, shrugged his shoulders, and helped the young lady off the horse. He then took her into the woods and had his way with her. "Second wish, " said the Chief. "I 'll need my horse again, " said the cowboy. "Give him his horse, " said the Chief. Once again, the cowboy whispered into the horse 's ear, and once again the horse rode off over the prairie. Thirty minutes later, the horse returned with a beautiful brunette on its back. The cowboy looked up and shrugged, helped the young lady off the horse, and went into the woods, same reason as before. "This is your last wish, " said the Chief, "make it a good one. " "I 'll need my horse again. " "Give him his horse, " said the Chief. The cowboy grabbed each side of the horse 's head, and put his face right up to the horse 's. "You stupid horse, I said POSSE! ""


ITEM 1522
"A young virgin marries a Greek man and before the wedding her father tells her that, being Greek, her husband may ask her to turn the other way in bed one day, but the she doesn 't have to do it if she doesn 't want to. Sure enough, after a couple of months, her husband asks her to turn over and she says "No, my father said I don 't have to do this. " Her husband says OK, that 's fine by me, but I thought you wanted children."


ITEM 1062
"You spent so much time trying to get rid of that halitosis that you had only to find out that you are not popular anyway."


ITEM 1228
Your chances of being seen by someone you know dramatically increase if you drive your child to school in your robe and curlers.


ITEM 946
"ya mama so ugly she stuck her head out the window and got arrested for mooning"


ITEM 655
"Mrs. Jones gets a call from the hospital. They tell her that her husband 's been in a terrible automobile accident. She rushes to the hospital, runs into the ER and says her husband 's been in an accident. They tell her Dr. Smith is handling the case. They page the doctor. He comes out into the waiting room to see a terribly upset Mrs. Jones. "Mrs. Jones? " the doctor asks. "Yes, doctor, what 's happened? How is my husband? "                         The doctor sits next to her and says, "Not good news, I 'm afraid. Your husband 's accident resulted in two fractures of his spine. " "Oh my God! " says Mrs. Jones, "What is the prognosis? " "Well, Mrs. Jones, the good news is his vital signs are stable. However, his spine is inoperable. He 'll have no motor skills or capability. This means you will have to feed him. " Mrs. Jones begins to sob... "And you 'll have to turn him in his bed every two hours to prevent pneumonia. " Mrs. Jones begins to wail and cry loudly... "Then, of course, " the doctor continued, "you 'll have to diaper him as he 'll have no control over his bladder and, of course, these diapers must be changed at least five times a day. " Mrs. Jones begins to shake as she cries, sobs, wails... The doctor continues: "And you 'll have to clean up his feces on a regular basis, as he 'll have no control over his sphincters. His bowels will engorge whenever and quite often, I 'm afraid. Of course, you must clean him immediately to avoid accumulation of the putrid effluent he 'll be emitting regularly. " Now Mrs. Jones is convulsing, sobbing uncontrollably and beginning to wither off the bench into a sobbing pitiful mass. Just then, Dr. Smith reaches out his hand, pats Mrs. Jones on the shoulder, and says, "Hey, I 'm just messin ' with you. He 's dead! ""


ITEM 1592
"A man is stranded on a desert island, all alone for ten years. One day, he sees a speck in the horizon. He thinks to himself, "It 's not a ship. " The speck gets a little closer and he thinks, "It 's not a boat. " The speck gets even closer and he thinks, "It 's not a raft. " Then, out of the surf comes this gorgeous blonde woman, wearing a wet suit and scuba gear. She comes up to the guy and she says, "How long has it been since you 've had a cigarette? ". "Ten years! " he says. She reaches over, unzips a waterproof pocket on her left sleeve and pulls out a pack of fresh cigarettes. He takes one, lights it, takes a long drag and says, "Man, oh man! Is that good! " Then she asks, "How long has it been since you 've had a drink of whiskey? ". He replies, "Ten years! " She reaches over, unzips her waterproof pocket on the right, pulls out a flask and gives it to him. He takes a long swig and says, "Wow, that 's fantastic! " Then she starts unzipping this long zipper that runs down the front of her wet suit and she says to him, "And how long has it been since you 've had some REAL fun? " And the man replies, "My God! Don 't tell me you 've got an internet connection in there! ""


ITEM 244
"These two guys meet after not having seen each otherfor many many years. The first guy asks the second guy, "How have things been going? " The second guy  speakingvery slowly  tells the first guy,   "I w..a..s.. a..l..m..o..s..t      m..a..r..r..i..e..d. " The first guy says in amazement, "Hey, you don 't stutterany more. " The answer comes,   " Y..e..s,   I    w..e..n..t    t..o    a   d..o..c..t..o..r..a..n..d   h..e    t..o..l..d  m..e   t..h..a..t    i..fI    s..p..e..a..k.. s..l..o..w..l..y   I    w..i..l..ln..o..t   s..t..u..t..t..e..r. "  The first friend congratulates him and then asks againabout how he was almost married.   "W..e..l..l    m..y    f..i..a..n..c..e..e    a..n..dI    w..e..r..e   s..i...t..t..i..n..g.. o..n   h..e..rp..o...r..c..h   a..n..d   t..h..e   d..o..g   w..a..ss..c..r..a..t..c..h..i..n..g    h..i..s   b..a..c..ka..n..d  I   t..o..l..d     h..e..r   t..h..a..t   w..h..e..nw..e    a..r..e   m..a..r..r..i..e..d   s..h..e   c..a..nd..o   t..h..a..t    f..o..r   m..e    a..n..d   s..h..et..h..r..e..w   t..h..e     r..i..n..g    i..n     m..yf..a..c..e.. "   "Why should she throw the ring in your face for that? "asks the first friend. " W..e..l..l     I     s..p..e..a..ks..o   s..l..o..w..l..y,   t..h..a..t     b..y     t..h..et..i..m..e    s..h..e l..o..o..k..e..d.. a..t   t..h..e    d..o..g,    h..e     w..a..s   l..i..c..k..i..n..gh..i..s    b..a..l..l..s ""


ITEM 1852
"Q: How many New Yorkers does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: None 'o yo ' freakin ' business! A: 50. 50? Yeah 50; its in the contract."


ITEM 343
"A mother took her little boy to church. While in church the little boy said, "Mommy, I have to pee. " The mother said to the little boy, "It 's not appropriate to say the word 'pee ' in church. So, from now on whenever you have to 'pee ' just tell me that you have to 'whisper '. " The following Sunday, the little boy went to church with his father and during the service said to his father, "Daddy, I have to whisper. " The Father looked at him and said, "Okay, why don 't you whisper in my ear. ""


ITEM 1296
"Man goes to see the Rabbi. "Rabbi, something terrible is happening and I have to talk to you about it. "The Rabbi asked, "What 's wrong? "The man replied, "My wife is poisoning me. "The Rabbi, very surprised by this, asks, "How can that be? "The man then pleads, "I 'm telling you, I 'm certain she 's poisoning me, what should I do? "The Rabbi then offers, "Tell you what. Let me talk to her, I 'll see what I can find out and I 'll let you know. "A week later the Rabbi calls the man and says, "Well, I spoke to your wife. I spoke to her on the phone for three hours. You want my advice? "The man anxiously says, "Yes. " "Take the poison, " says the Rabbi."


ITEM 257
"A man ducked into confession with a turkey in his arms. "Forgive me, Father, for I have sinned, " he said. "I stole this turkey to feed my family. Would you please take it and settle my guilty conscience? " "Certainly not, " said the Priest. "As penance, you must return it to the one from whom you stole it. " "I tried, " Brian sobbed, "but he refused. Oh, Father, what should I do? " "If what you say is true, " the Priest said, "then it is all right for you to keep it for your family. " "Oh thank-you, Father, " the man said, and hurried off. When confession was over, the Priest returned to his residence. When he walked in, the housekeeper came rushing up to him. "Father, it 's terrible! " she cried. "What has happened? " asked the Priest. The housekeeper replied, "Someone has stolen the turkey right out of your refrigerator! ""


ITEM 1579
"A woman went to a tattoo parlor. The artist was curious at her unsual request: A turkey on one leg and a ham on the other. The woman looked at the artist and said "My husband complains there is nothing good to eat between Thanksgiving and Christmas! ""


]]>
</TEXT>
</Humor>
