<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
<Humor>
<TEXT><![CDATA[

ITEM  1481
"A woman has twins, and gives them up for adoption. One of them goes to a Family in Egypt and is named "Amal. " The other goes to a family in Spain; They name him "Juan. " Years later, Juan sends a picture of himself to his mum. Upon receiving the picture, she tells her husband that she wishes she also had a picture of Amal. Her husband responds, "But they are twins - if you 've seen Juan, you 've seen Amal. ""


ITEM  1246
"One fine day, a bus driver went to the bus garage, started his bus, and drove off along the route. No problems for the first few stops, a few people got on, a few got off, and things went generally well.At the next stop, however, a big hulk of a guy got on. Six feet eight, built like a wrestler, arms hanging down to the ground. He glared at the driver and said, "Big John doesn 't pay! " and sat down at the back.The next day the same thing happened-Big John got on again, made a show of refusing to pay, and sat down. And the next day, and the one after that, and so forth. This grated on the bus driver, who started losing sleep over the way Big John was taking advantage of him.Finally he could stand it no longer. He signed up for body building courses, karate, judo, and all that good stuff. By the end of the summer, he had become quite strong; what 's more, he felt really good about himself.So on the next Monday, when Big John once again got on the bus and said, "Big John doesn 't pay!, " the driver stood up, glared back at the passenger, and screamed, "And why not? "With a surprised look on his face, Big John replied, "Big John has a bus pass. ""


ITEM  1949
"Face it, you 're gonna have to go outside eventually.  Sure, Amazon.com will deliver right to your door and now even Taco Bell does deliveries, but, mark my words:  some day you 're going to HAVE to push away from the computer and go ... OUTSIDE!!!  Here 's a guide:"


ITEM  757
"Two tall trees, a birch and a beech, are growing in the woods. A small tree begins to grow between them. The beech says to the birch: "Is that a son of a beech or a son of a birch? " The birch says he cannot tell. Just then a woodpecker lands on the sapling. The birch says, "Woodpecker, you are a tree expert. Can you tell if that is a son of a beech or a son of a birch? " The woodpecker takes a taste of the small tree and replies: "It is neither a son of a beech nor a son of a birch. It is, however, the best piece of ash I have ever put my pecker in! "."


ITEM  408
"Father O 'Grady was saying his goodbyes to the parishioners after his Sunday morning service as he always does whenMary Clancey came up to him in tears. "What 's bothering you so, dear? " inquired Farther O 'Grady. "Oh, father, I 've got terrible news. " Replied Mary. "Well what is it, Mary? " "Well, my husband, passed away last night, Father. " "Oh, Mary " said the father, "that 's terrible. Tell me Mary, did he have any last requests? " "Well, yes he did father, " replied Mary. "What did he ask, Mary? "Mary replied, "He said, 'Please, Mary, put down the gun... ' ""


ITEM  1362
"Top Ten Reasons Why It 's Great To Be A Dog1. If it itches, you can reach it.And no matter where it itches, no one will be offended if you scratch it in public.2. No one notices if you have hair growing in weird places as you get older.3. Personal hygiene is a blast: No one expects you to take a bath every day, and you don 't even have to comb your own hair.4. Having a wet nose is considered a sign of good health.5. No one thinks less of you for passing gas. Some people might actually think you 're cute.6. Who needs a big home entertainment system? A bone or an old shoe can entertain you for hours.7. You can spend hours just smelling stuff.8. No one ever expects you to pay for lunch or dinner. You never have to worry about table manners, and if you gain weight, it 's someone else 's fault.9. It doesn 't take much to make you happy. You 're always excited to see the same old people. All they have to do is leave the room for five minutes and come back.10. Every garbage can looks like a cold buffet to you."


ITEM  314
"You might be a Redneck Jedi if...You ever heard the phrase, "May the force be with y 'all. "Your Jedi robe is camouflage.You have ever used your light saber to open a bottle of BudLight.At least one wing of your X-Wings is primer colored.You can easily describe the taste of an Ewok.You have ever had a land-speeder up on blocks in your yard.The worst part of spending time on Dagobah is the dadgumskeeters.Wookies are offended by your B.O.You have ever used the force to get yourself another beer so youdidn 't have to wait for a commercial.You have ever used the force in conjunction with fishing/bowling.Your father has ever said to you, "Shoot, son come on over to thedark side...it 'll be a hoot. "You have ever had your R-2 unit use its self-defenseelectro-shock thingy to get the barbecue grill to light.You have a confederate flag painted on the hood of yourland-speeder.You ever fantasized about Princess Leah wearing Daisy Dukeshorts.You have the doors of your X-wing welded shut and you have to getin through the window.Although you had to kill him, you kinda thought that Jabba theHutt had a pretty good handle on how to treat his women.You have a cousin who bears a strong resemblance to Chewbacca.You suggested that they outfit the Millennium Falcon with redwooddeck.You were the only person drinking Jack Daniels during the cantinascene.If you hear . . . "Luke, I am your father . . . and your uncle. ""


ITEM  177
"A boy and his date were parked on a back road some distance from town, doing what boys and girls do on back roads some distance from town. Abruptly, the girl stopped the boy dead in his tracks. "I really should have mentioned this earlier, but I 'm actually a hooker and I charge $20 for sex. " The boy reluctantly paid her, and they did their thing. After the obligatory cigarette, the boy sat in the driver 's seat, staring out the window. "Why aren 't we going anywhere? " asked the girl. "Well, I should have mentioned this before, but I 'm actually a taxi driver, and the fare back to town is $25. ""


ITEM  575
"Arthur Davidson, inventor of the Harley Davidson motorcycle corporation, died and went to heaven. At the gates, St. Peter told Arthur, "since you 've been such a good man and your motorcycles have changed the world, your reward is, you can hang out with anyone you want in heaven. " Arthur thought about it for a minute and then said, "I want to hang out with God. " So Arthur asked God " Hey, aren 't you the inventor of woman? " God said, "ah, yes. " "Well, " said Arthur, "professional to professional, you have some major design flaws in your invention: 1. There 's too much inconsistency in the front-end protrusion. 2. It chatters constantly at high speeds. 3. Most of the rear ends are too soft and wobble too much. 4. The intake is placed way to close to the exhaust. 5. The maintenance costs are outrageous. " "Hmmm, you may have some good points there, " replied God, "hold on. " so God went to his celestial super computer, typed in a few words, and waited for the results. The computer printed out a slip of paper and God read it. "Well, it may be true that my invention is flawed, " God tells Arthur, "but according to these numbers, more men are riding my invention than yours "."


ITEM  169
"A funeral service is being held for a woman who has just passed away. At the end of the service the pallbearers are carrying the casket out when they accidentally bump into a wall, jarring the casket. They hear a faint moan. They open the casket and find that the woman is actually alive! She lives for ten more years, and then finally dies. A ceremony is again held at the same place, and at the end of the ceremony the pallbearers are again carrying out the casket. As they are walking, the husband cries out, "Watch the wall! ""


ITEM  1062
"You are so two-faced that any woman who married you would be married to a bigamist."


ITEM  1307
"Q: What do you get when you cross a fly with an elephant?A: A zipper that never forgets.Q: Where does virgin wool come from?A: Ugly sheep.Q: How do you tell when a moth farts?A: It flies in a straight line."


ITEM  194
"A guy was in a cave, looking for treasure. He found an old lamp, rubbed it, and a genie came out. The genie said "I will grant you three wishes, but your ex-wife will get double. " The man agreed, and said "I wish I had a mansion. " The genie granted it, and his ex-wife got two mansions. The man said "I would like a million dollars. " The genie again granted it and his ex-wife got two million dollars. Then the man said, "Scare me half to death. ""


ITEM  975
"Your mama went to a Hotel and asked for a water bed,And they put a blanket over the ocean"


ITEM  1839
"Q: How many WASPs does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: Silly, WASPs don 't screw in a light bulb, they screw in a hot tub."


ITEM  997
"Yo mama so fat that when god said let there be light, he asked her to move over"


ITEM  1206
"A Mr. Jones was sued by a Mrs. Johnson for defamation of character.She charged that he had called her a pig.Mr. Jones was indeed found guilty and fined.After the trial he asked the judge, "Your Honor, this means that I cannot call Mrs. Johnson a pig? "The judge said that was true. "Does this mean I cannot call a pig Mrs. Johnson? " the man asked.The judge replied that he could indeed call a pig 'Mrs. Johnson ' with no fear of legal action.Mr. Jones grinned, looked directly at Mrs. Johnson and said, "Good afternoon, Mrs. Johnson. ""


ITEM  781
"A man and his wife were in a fancy resturant.  While ordering, they noticed that the waiter had a spoon in his shirt pocket, and after looking around, they observed the other waiters and busboys each had a similar spoon. So the husband says, "what 's with the spoon? "The waiter said, "well, we had this company come in and evaluate our time management and they found that people drop their spoon 74.8% more often than any other utensil.  So if we carry one with us, we can reduce the trips back to the kitchen by 3 hours per shift.The husband was impressed.  Sure enough, he dropped his spoon during dinner and the waiter replaced it with his, stating, "I 'll just get another when I go to the kitchen for something else ".  While ordering dessert, the husband noted that the waiter had a very thin string hanging from the fly of his pants, as did the other waiters, so the husband asks, " hey, there 's a string on your pants ".  The waiter tells him, " not all my customers are as observant as you... the same company found that we can reduce the amount of time spent in the bathroom by 2 hours each shift if we tie a string around the end of you-know-what, and when we have to go we just unzip and pull it out with the string completely eliminating the need to wash up and saving time. "  The husband was impressed, but asked, " it 's a good idea but how do you get it back in your pants? ".  The waiter leaned close and whispered, " well I don 't know about the rest of them, but personally I use the spoon. ""


ITEM  840
"An attorney telephoned the governor just after midnite, insisting that he talk to him regarding a matter of utmost urgency.An aide eventually agreed to wake up the governor. "So, what is it? " grumbled the governor. "Judge Garber has just died " said the attorney, "and I want to take his place. " Replied the governor: "Well, it 's OK with me if it 's OK with the undertaker. ""


]]>
</TEXT>
</Humor>
