<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
<Humor>
<TEXT><![CDATA[
ITEM 1696
"Six of the seven dwarfs are sitting around the house one day when Sleepy rushes in and says, "Guess what guys, I 've won a trip to see the Pope! " Everyone gets all excited and chants, "We finally get to ask him, we  finally get to ask him. " The next day, they 're all standing in front of the Pope, Dopey out in front  of the other six. All the other six start pushing Dopey and saying, "Go  ahead, Dopey, ask him, ask him! " The Pope looks at Dopey and asks, "Do you have a question to ask me,  young man? "Dopey looks up shyly and says, "Well, yes. " The Pope tells him to go ahead and ask. Dopey asks, "Well, do....do they have nuns in Alaska? "The Pope replies, "Well, yes, I 'm sure we have nuns in Alaska. "The others all keep nudging Dopey and chanting, "Ask him the rest, Dopey, ask him the rest! " The Pope asks Dopey if there 's more to his question, and Dopey continues, "Well, uh, do they have, uh, black nuns in Alaska? "To which the Pope replies, "Well, my son, I think there must be a few black nuns in Alaska,  yes. "Still not satisfied, the others keep saying, "Ask him the last part, Dopey, ask him the last part! " The Pope asks Dopey, "Is there still more to your question? "To which Dopey replies, "Well, uh, yeah.....are there, uh, are there any midget black nuns  in Alaska? "The startled Pope replies, "Well, no, my son, I really don 't think there are any midget black nuns in Alaska. "At this, Dopey turns all kinds of colors, and the others start laughing, and yelling, "Dopey screwed a penguin, Dopey screwed a penguin! ""


ITEM 883
"Last summer, the President and Mrs. Clinton were vacationing in their home state of Arkansas. On a venture one day, they stopped at a service station to fill up the car with gas. It seemed that the owner of the station was once Hillary 's high school love.They exchanged hellos, and went on their way.As they were driving on to their destination, Bill put his arm around Hillary and said, "Well, honey, if you had stayed with him, you would be the wife of a service station owner today. "She smirked and replied, "No, if I had stayed with him, he would be President of the United States. ""


ITEM 853
"Three paramedics were boasting about improvements in their respective ambulance team 's response times. "Since we installed our new satellite navigation system, " bragged the first one, "we cut our emergency response time by ten percent. "The other paramedics nodded in approval. "Not bad, " the second paramedic commented. "But by using a computer model of traffic patterns, we 've cut our average ERT by 20 percent. "Again, the other team members gave their congratulations, until the third paramedic said, "That 's nothing! Since our ambulance driver passed the bar exam, we 've cut our emergency response time in half! ""


ITEM 1581
"Q: How many mice does it take to screw in a light bulb??A: 2, but don 't ask me how they got in there!!"


ITEM 1802
"A guy is at a bar, laughing with friends when he goes over to watch the bar tender. The bar is nice and clean and the bartender is putting down the finishing touches. The guy goes, "You seem like a bettin ' man. " The bartender replies, "everyday of the week except Sunday. " The guy goes "I bet you 500$ if I stood on the bar, and you pushed a bar glass under me, I could piss all in it, and not get a wince of it on the bar. " The bartender laughs and says " I 'll take you on that bet. " So he goes and gets a glass, while the guy is unzipping his pants. "Ready " the bartender goes and the man replies "FIRE AWAY! " so the bartender pushes the glass and the guy pisses everywhere but the glass. He zipped his pants on and the bartender starts laughing, and says "See boy, it can 't be done! " the guy pays him smiling all the way. The bartender asks "Boy what are you so happy about? You just lost $500 " he replies " I just bet that man over there I could piss all over your bar and make you laugh about it! ""


ITEM 611
"Three men were lost in the forest and later captured by cannibals. The cannibal king told the prisoners that they could live if they passed a trial. The first step of the trial was to go to the forest with the cannibals and get 10 pieces of fruit. So all three men went separate ways to gather some. The first man came back and said to the king, "I brought ten apples. " The king then explained the second step of the trial to him. First, he had to shove the fruits up his butt without any expression on his face, or he would be eaten. The first apple went in, but when he tried the second one he winced out in pain, so he was killed and went to heaven. The second man arrived and showed the king that his ten fruits were berries. When the king explained the trial to the second man, he secretly thought to it would be easy to shove the berries up his butt. On the ninth berry, he burst out in laughter, so he was also was killed and went to heaven. The first guy and the second guy met in heaven. The first one asked, "Why did you laugh? You almost got away with it! " The second one replied, "I know, but I couldn 't help it. I was doin ' just great when all of a sudden the third guy showed up with all those watermelons! ""


ITEM 1593
"A blonde tried to sell her old car. She was having a lot of problems selling it, because the car had 250,000 miles on it. One day, she spoke about her problem with a brunette she worked with at a salon. The brunette told her, "There is a possibility to make the car easier to sell, but it 's not legal. " "That doesn 't matter, " replied the blonde, "as long as I can sell the car. " "Okay, " said the brunette. "Here is the address of a friend of mine. He owns a car repair shop. Tell him I sent you and he will turn the counter in your car back to 50,000 miles. Then it shouldn 't be problem to sell it anymore. " The following weekend, the blonde made the trip to the mechanic. About one month after that, the brunette asked the blonde, "Did you sell your car? " "No, " replied the blonde, "why should I? It only has 50,000 miles on it. ""


ITEM 1735
"Two guys are driving through Texas when they get pulled over by a state trooper. The trooper walks up, taps on the window with his nightstick, the driver rolls down the window, and the trooper smacks him in the head with the stick. The driver says, "Why 'd you do that? The trooper says, "You 're in Texas, son. When I pull you over, you 'll have your license ready. " Driver says, "I 'm sorry, officer, I 'm not from around here. " The trooper runs a check on the guy 's license, and he 's clean. He gives the guy his license back and walks around to the passenger side and taps on the window. The passenger rolls his window down, and the trooper smacks him with the nightstick. The passenger says, "What 'd you do that for? " The cop says, "Just making your wishes come true. " The passenger says, "Huh? " The cop says, "I know that two miles down the road you 're gonna say, 'I wish that sucker would 've tried that with me! ' ""


ITEM 1171
"When the new patient was settled comfortably on the couch, the psychiatrist began his therapy session. "I 'm not aware of your problem, " the doctor said. "So perhaps, you should start at the very beginning. " "Of course, " replied the patient. "In the beginning, I created the Heavens and the Earth... ""


ITEM 295
"A waiter brings the customer the steak he ordered, with his thumb over the meat as he is carrying the plate. "Are you crazy? " yelled the customer, "you have your hand on my steak! " "What, " answers the waiter, "you want it to fall on the floor again? ""


ITEM 631
"A woman gets on a bus with her baby. The bus driver says: That 's the ugliest baby that I 've ever seen. Ugh! The woman goes to the rear of the bus and sits down, fuming. She says to a man next to her: The driver just insulted me!  The man says: You go right up there and tell him off go ahead, I 'll hold your monkey for you."


ITEM 622
"Jeff and Mike were killed in an accident and as Jeff arrives at the Pearly Gates, he is met by St. Peter. "Where 's my friend Mike? "...Jeff asks the old Saint. St. Peter replies... "Mike wasn 't as fortunate as you, instead of Heaven, he went in the other direction. " Jeff was deeply concerned by this and asks... "well could I see Mike just one more time? " St. Peter agreed to this, so they walked over to the edge of Heaven and looked down.  Jeff notices Mike with a sexy blonde on one side of him and a keg of beer on the other.   "I really don 't mean to complain "...Jeff says... "but Mike seems to have it pretty nice down in Hell. "   "Look a little closer "...says St. Peter... "for that keg has a hole in it, the blonde doesn 't. ""


ITEM 1788
"It had snowed in Washington DC and Hillary had just arrived home and was walking into the White House when she noticed that someone had pissed in the snow, "I love you Hillary ". Outraged she asked a secret service agent to find who had done this disgusting act. A while later the agent came back and Hillary asked if he had found the culprit. The agent said, "I have good news and bad news. The good news is that the piss is Bills but the bad news is that the hand writing is Monica Lewinsky 's. "."


ITEM 605
"A man goes to the doctor and says, "Doc, I would like to live very long. What should I do? " "I think that is a wise decision, " the doctor replies. "Let 's see, do you smoke? " "Oh.. Half a pack a day. " "Starting NOW, no more smoking. " The man agrees.The doctor then asks, "Do you drink? " "Oh, well Doc, not much, just a bit of wine with my meals, and a beer or two every once in a while. " "Starting now, you drink only water. No exceptions. "The man is a bit upset, but also agrees.The doctor asks, "How do you eat? " "Oh, well, you know, Doc, normal stuff. " "Starting now you are going on a very strict diet. You are going to eat only raw vegetables, with no dressing, and non-fat cottage cheese. "The man is now really worried. "Doc, is all this really necessary? " "Do you want to live long? " "Yes. " "Well then, it 's absolutely necessary. And don 't even think of breaking the diet. " The man is quite restless, but the doctor continues, "Do you have sex? " "Yeah, once a week or so..., only with my wife! " he adds hurriedly. "As soon as you get out of here you are going to buy twin beds. No more sex for you. None. "The man is appalled. "Doc... Are you sure I 'm going to live longer this way? " "I have no idea, but whatever you live, I assure you is going to seem like an eternity! ""


ITEM 407
"Sitting on the side of the highway waiting to catch speeding drivers, a State Police Officer sees a car puttering along at 22 MPH. He thinks to himself, "This driver is just as dangerous as a speeder! " So he turns on his lights and pulls the driver over.Approaching the car, he notices that there are five old ladies -- two in the front seat and three in the back - eyes wide and white as ghosts.The driver, obviously confused, says to him, "Officer, I don 't understand, I was doing exactly the speed limit! What seems to be the problem? " "Ma 'am, " the officer replies, "You weren 't speeding, but you should know that driving slower than the speed limit can also be a danger to other drivers. " "Slower than the speed limit? " she asked. No sir, I was doing the speed limit exactly... Twenty-Two miles an hour! " the old woman says a bit proudly. The State Police officer, trying to contain a chuckle explains to her that "22 " was the route number, not the speed limit. A bit embarrassed, the woman grinned and thanked the officer for pointing out her error. "But before I let you go, Ma 'am, I have to ask... Is everyone in this car ok? These women seem awfully shaken and they haven 't muttered a single peep this whole time. " the officer asks. "Oh, they 'll be alright in a minute officer. We just got off Route 119. ""


ITEM 19
"A brunette, a blonde, and a redhead all worked in the same office with the same female boss. Every day, they noticed their boss left work early. One day, the girls decided that when the boss left, they 'd leave right behind her. After all, she never called in or came back to the office when she left early, so how was she to know? The next day, they all three left the office right after the boss left. The brunette was thrilled to be home early. She did a little gardening and went to bed early. The redhead was elated to be able to get in a quick workout at the health club before meeting her dinner date. The blonde was happy, happy, happy to be home, but when she got to the bedroom she heard a muffled noise from inside. Slowly, quietly, she cracked open the door and was mortified to see her husband in bed with HER BOSS. Ever so gently, she closed the door and crept out of her house. The next day at coffee break, the brunette and redhead decided they were leaving early again, and asked the blonde if she was coming with them. "NO WAY, " she exclaimed, "I almost got caught yesterday ""


ITEM 939
"Yo mamma so fat she fell in love... and broke it."


ITEM 107
"A man who just got a raise decides to buy a new scope for his rifle. He goes to a rifle shop, and asks the clerk to show him a scope. The clerk takes out a scope, and says to the man, "This scope is so good, you can see my house all the way up on that hill. " The man takes a look through the scope, and starts laughing. "What 's so funny? " asks the clerk. "I see a naked man and a naked woman running around in the house. " the man replies. The clerk grabs the scope from the man, and looks at his house. Then he hands two bullets to the man and says, "Here are two bullets, I 'll give you this scope for nothing if you take these two bullets, shoot my wife 's head off and shoot the guy 's privates off. " The man takes another look through the scope and says, "You know what? I think I can do that with one shot! ""


ITEM 1263
"A preacher went to his church office on Monday morning and discovered a dead mule in the church yard. He called the police.Since there did not appear to be any foul play, the police referred the preacher to the health department. They said since there was no health threat that he should call the sanitation department.The sanitation manager said he could not pick up the mule without authorization from the mayor.Now the preacher knew the mayor and was not to eager to call him. The mayor had a bad temper and was generally hard to deal with, but the preacher called him anyway.The mayor did not disappoint. He immediately began to rant and rave at the pastor and finally said, "Why did you call me anyway? Isn 't it your job to bury the dead? "The preacher paused for a brief prayer and asked the Lord to direct his response. He was led to say, "Yes, Mayor, it is my job to bury the dead, but I always like to notify the next of kin first! ""


ITEM 935
"Yo mamma so ugly your father takes her to work with him so he doesn 't have to kiss her goodbye."


]]>
</TEXT>
</Humor>
