<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
<Humor>
<TEXT><![CDATA[
ITEM 607
"A married couple is sleeping when the phone rings at 3 a.m. The wife picks up the phone and, after a few seconds, replies, "How am I supposed to know? We 're 200 miles inland! "and hangs up. Her husband rolls over and asks, "Sweetheart, who was that? " "I don 't know,some idiot asking if the coast is clear. "

ITEM 991
"your mumma is so old her bible is signed by Jesus."


ITEM 1916
"Q: How many dull people does it take to change a light bulb? A: one."


ITEM 1298
"After watching sales falling off for three straight months at Kentucky Fried Chicken, the Colonel calls up the Pope and asks for a favor.The Pope says, "What can I do? "The Colonel says. "I need you to change the daily prayer from, 'Give us this day our daily bread ' to 'Give us this day our daily chicken. ' If you do it, I 'll donate 10 million dollars to the Vatican. "The Pope replies, "I am sorry. That is the Lord 's Prayer and I can not change the words. "So the Colonel hangs up. After another month of dismal sales, the Colonel panics, and calls again. "Listen, Your Excellency. I really need your help. I 'll donate $50 million dollars if you change the words of the daily prayer from 'Give us this day our daily bread ' to 'Give us this day our daily chicken. ' "And the Pope responds, "It is very tempting, Colonel Sanders. The church could do a lot of good with that much money. It would help us to support many charities. But again, I must decline. It is the Lord 's Prayer, and I can 't change the words. "So the Colonel gives up again.After two more months of terrible sales, the Colonel gets desperate. "This is my final offer, your Excellency. If you change the words of the daily prayer from 'Give us this day our daily bread ' to 'Give us this day our daily chicken, ' I will donate $100 million to the Vatican.The Pope replies, "Let me get back to you. "So the next day, the Pope calls together all of his bishops and he says, "I have some good news and I have some bad news. The good news is that KFC is going to donate $100 million to the Vatican. "The bishops rejoice at the news. Then one asks about the bad news. The pope replies, "The bad news is that we lost the Wonder Bread account. ""


ITEM 671
"A drunk walks into a bar, sits down and demands a drink. "Get out " says the bartender. "I don 't serve drunks here ". The drunk staggers out the front door, only to come back in through the side door. He sits at the bar, bangs his fist and demands a drink. "I just told you to get out, didn 't I? Now LEAVE! ". The drunk gets off his stool, stumbles out the side door and, comes back inside through the back door. Once again, he sits at the bar and loudly asks for a drink. The bartender, now glowing mad, looks at the drunk and yells "I TOLD YOU, NO DRUNKS ALLOWED, NOW GET OUT!!! ". The drunk looks up at the bartender and slurs "How many bars do you work at, anyway? "."


ITEM 1369
"You Know You 're a Mother When ...1. You count the sprinkles on each kid 's cupcake to make sure they 're equal.2. You have the time to shave only one leg at a time.3. You hide in the bathroom to be alone.4. Your kid throws up and you catch it.5. Some one else 's kid throws up at a party. You keep eating.6. You consider finger paints to be a controlled substance.7. You 've mastered the art of placing large quanitities of pancakes and eggs on a plate without anything touching.8. Your child insists that you read "Once Upon a Potty " out loud in the lobby of Grand Central Station and you do it.9. You cling to the high moral ground on toy weapons, your child chews his toast into the shape of a gun.10. You hope ketchup is a vegetable, since it 's the only one your child eats.11. You can 't bear the thought of your son 's first girlfriend.12. You hate the thought of his wife even more.13. You find yourself cutting your husbands ' sandwiches into cute shapes.14. You can 't bear to give away baby clothes - it 's so final.15. You hear your mother 's voice coming out of your mouth when you say, "NOT in your good clothes! "16. You stop criticizing the way your mother raised you.17. You donate to charities in the hope that your child won 't get that disease.18. You hire a sitter because you haven 't been out with your husband in ages, then spend half the night checking on the kids.19. You use your own saliva to clean your child 's face.20. You say at least once a day, "I 'm not cut out for this job ", but you know you wouldn 't trade it for anything."


ITEM 1455
"Andy came to work one day, limping something awful. One of his co-workers, Josh, noticed and asked Andy what happened.Andy replied, "Oh, nothing. It 's just an old hockey injury that acts up once in a while. "Josh, "Gee, I never knew you played hockey. "Andy, "No I don 't. I hurt it last year when I lost $100 on the Stanley Cup Play-Offs. I put my foot through the television. ""


ITEM 111
"Two guys went to a gas station that was holding a contest: a chance to win free sex when you filled your tank. They pumped their gas and went to pay the attendant. "I 'm thinking of a number between one and ten, " he said. "If you guess right, you win free sex. " "Okay, " agreed one of the guys, "I guess seven. " "Sorry, I was thinking of eight, " replied the attendant. The next week they tried again. When they went to pay, the attendant told them to pick a number. "Two! " said the second guy. "Sorry, it 's three, said the attendant. "Come back and try again. " As they walked out to their car, one guy said to the other, "I think this contest is rigged. " "No way, " said his buddy. "My wife won twice last week. "


ITEM 1172
"Steven Spielberg was discussing his new project - an action docudrama about famous composers starring top movie stars. Sylvester Stallone, Steven Seagall, Bruce Willis, and Arnold Schwarzenegger were all present. Spielberg strongly desired the box office 'oomph ' of these superstars, so he was prepared to allow them to select whatever composers they would portray, as long as they were very famous. "Well, " started Stallone, "I 've always admired Mozart. I would love to play him. " "Chopin has always been my favorite, and my image would improve if people saw me playing the piano " said Willis. "I 'll play him. " "I 've always been partial to Strauss and his waltzes, " said Seagall. "I 'd like to play him. "Spielberg was very pleased with these choices. "Sounds splendid. " Then, looking at Schwarzenegger, he asked, "Who do you want to be, Arnold? "So Arnold says, "I 'll be Bach. "


ITEM 1205
"Dear Bill, I have been unable to sleep since I broke off your engagement to my daughter. Will you forgive and forget? I was much too sensitive about your mohawk, tattoo and pierced nose. I now realize that motorcycles aren 't really that dangerous, and I really should not have reacted that way to the fact that you have never held a job. I am sure, too, that some other very nice people live under the bridge in the park. Sure my daughter is only 18 and wants to marry you instead of going to Harvard on full scholarship. After all, you can 't learn everything about life from books. I sometimes forget how backward I can be. I was wrong. I was a fool. I have now come to my senses, and you have my full blessing to marry my daughter. Sincerely, Your future father-in-law P.S. Congratulations on winning the Lottery !!!"


ITEM 590
"A guy was sitting quietly reading his paper when his wife walked up behind him and whacked him on the head with a magazine. "What was that for? " he asked. "That was for the piece of paper in your pants pocket with the name Mary Lou written on it, " she replied. "Two weeks ago when I went to the races, Mary Lou was the name of one of the horses I bet on, " he explained. "Oh honey, I 'm sorry, " she said.   "I should have known there was a good explanation. " Three days later he was watching a ballgame on TV when she walked up and hit him in the head again, this time with the iron skillet, which knocked him out cold.  When he came to, he asked, "What the hell was that for? " She replied, "Your horse called. "

ITEM 1854
"Q: How many software people does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: None. That 's a hardware problem. A: One, but if he changes it, the whole building will probably fall down. A: Two. One always leaves in the middle of the project."


ITEM 1260
"A man running a little behind schedule arrives at a picture theatre, goes in to watch the movie that has already started, and as his eyes adjust to the darkness, he is surprised to see a dog sitting beside its master in the row ahead, intently watching the movie. It even seemed to be enjoying the movie: wagging its tail in the happy bits, drooping its ears at the sad bits, and hiding its eyes with its paws at the scary bits. After the movie, the man approaches the dogs owner, "Jeez mate, your dog really seemed to enjoy the movie. I 'm amazed! " "Yes, I 'm amazed also, " came the reply. "He hated the book. "


ITEM 775
"There are three guys in a sauna.  All of a sudden there is a beep.  so guy number one slaps his hand, and guy number two asks what that was.  Guy one says he got his beeper implanted in his hand.  He goes off and returns his call.  A little while later he comes back and hears a cell phone jingle, and guy number two puts his hand up to his ear and starts talking.  Later, guy number three who was not to up to date on this new technology asks what that was about.  Guy two said he got his cell phone implanted in his hand, because he kept losing it.  Guy number two walks out of the sauna and says he has to get one up on these guys.  He returns to the sauna and has three feet of toilet paper hanging out of his butt.  At the same time guy one and guy 2 ask what is that, so guy 3 says Don 't bother me- I 'm receiving a FAX."


ITEM 1514
"A little girl is in line to see Santa. When it 's her turn, she climbs up on Santa 's lap. "What would you like Santa to bring you for Christmas? " Santa asks. "I want a Barbie and Xena, " the little girl replies. Santa looks at the little girl for a moment and says, "I thought Barbie comes with Ken. " "No, " the little girl says. "She comes with Xena. She fakes it with Ken. "


ITEM 1470
"A man goes into a restaurant and is seated. All the waitresses are gorgeous. A particularly voluptuous waitress wearing a very short skirt and legs that won 't quit came to his table and asked if he was ready to order, "What would you like, sir? "He looks at the menu and then scans her beautiful frame top to bottom, then answers, "A quickie. "The waitress turns and walks away in disgust. After she regains her composure she returns and asks again, "What would you like, sir? " Again the man thoroughly checks her out and again answers, "A quickie, please. "This time her anger takes over, she reaches over and slaps him across the face with a resounding "SMACK! " and storms away.A man sitting at the next table leans over and whispers, "Um, I think it 's pronounced 'QUICHE '. ""


ITEM 1240
"An out-of-towner drove his car into a ditch in a very rural  area. Luckily, Farmer Jones came to help with his big  strong horse named Hobo . . . He hitched ole Hobo up to the car and yelled, "Pull, Nellie,  pull! " Hobo didn 't move a muscle... just flicked away a fly  with his tail.Then Jones hollered out, "C 'mon, pull, Davey, pull! " Again, ole Hobo didn 't move.Once more the farmer commanded, "Pull, Stetson, pull! " Nothing from Hobo.Then the farmer nonchalantly said, "Pull, Hobo. C 'mon, boy, pull! "  And the horse easily dragged the car up, out of the ditch.The motorist was most appreciative and very curious. He asked the farmer why he called his horse by the wrong name three times in a  row.Wise Farmer Jones answered, "Well, ole, Hobo here is blind as a bat. If he thought he was the only one pulling, he wouldn 't even try! "


ITEM 488
"A man goes to his doctor for a complete checkup. He hasn 't been feeling well and wants to find out if he 's ill. After the checkup the doctor comes out with the results of the examination. "I 'm afraid I have some bad news. You 're dying and you don 't have much time, " the doctor says. "Oh no, that 's terrible. How long have I got? ", the man asks. "10... " says the doctor. "10? 10 what? Months? Weeks? What?! " he asks desperately. "10...9...8...7... "


ITEM 864
"The devil visited a lawyer 's office and made him an offer. "I can arrange some things for you, " the devil said. "I 'll increase your income five-fold. Your partners will love you; your clients will respect you; you 'll have four months of vacation each year and live to be a hundred. All I require in return is that your wife 's soul, your children 's souls, and their children 's souls rot in hell for eternity. "The lawyer thought for a moment and asked, "What 's the catch? "."


ITEM 505
"A man went to visit his 90 year old grandfather in a very secluded rural area of the state he lived in.After spending the night, his grandfather prepared breakfast for him consisting of eggs and bacon. He noticed a film like substance on his plate and he questioned his grandfather, "are these plates clean? "His grandfather replied, "Those plates are as clean as cold water can get them, so go on and finish your meal ".That afternoon, while eating the hamburgers his grandfather made for lunch, he noticed tiny specks around the edge of his plate and a substance that looked like dried egg yokes, so he ask again, "Are you sure these plates are clean "?Without looking up from his hamburger, the grandfather says, "I told you before; those dishes are as clean as cold water can get them. Now don 't ask me about it anymore! "Later that afternoon, he was on his way out to get dinner in a nearby town. As he was leaving, his grandfather 's dog started to growl and wouldn 't let him pass so he said, "Grandfather, your dog won 't let me out ".Without diverting his attention from the football game he was watching on TV his grandfather shouted, "Cold Water, Go lay down! ""


]]>
</TEXT>
</Humor>
