<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
<Humor>
<TEXT><![CDATA[
ITEM 897
"What do George Bush, Osama Bin Laden and Saddam Hussein have in common? English is their second language."


ITEM 976
"Yo momma so ugly I threw a rock at her and the rock stopped, came back, and said to me I ain 't goin near that creepy thing!"


ITEM 1167
"Q: How many politicians does it take to change a light bulb ? A: Two. One to change it, and another one to change it back again."


ITEM 1224
"The Secret Service has added a $1M security system to the President and Hillary 's new home in suburban New York. The security system includes bullet proof windows, flood lights, and an alarm that goes off whenever Hillary 's on her way home."


ITEM 254
"A tourist is in Spain, and goes to a fancy restaurant for dinner. As he looks around, he notices a diner being served a beautifully garnished dish with two gigantic meatballs in the middle. When the waiter asks him for his order, the man asks him about the meatball dish. The waiter explains that the meatballs are bull 's testicles, and when the bull loses the bullfight, the bull is brought to the restaurant, and this beautiful dish is made. The diner tells the waiter that he wants the bulls testicles for dinner, but the waiter tells him that only one bull a day is brought to the restaurant, but he can have it tomorrow. The diner agrees. The next day the diner goes to the restaurant, and orders the testicle dish. When his food is brought out, he notices that the meatballs are extremely small. He mentions this to the waiter, and the waiter replies, ' 'Well sir you have to understand, sometimes the bull wins'."


ITEM 1492
"How do you know when your wife is dead?The sex is the same but the dishes start to pile up."


ITEM 541
"A man with a winking problem is applying for a position as a sales representative for a large firm. The interviewer looks over his papers and says, "This is phenomenal. You 've graduated from the best schools; your recommendations are wonderful, and your experience is unparalleled. Normally, we 'd hire you without a second thought. However, a sales representative has a highly visible position, and we 're afraid that your constant winking will scare off potential customers. I 'm sorry...we can 't hire you. " "But wait, " he said. "If I take two aspirin, I 'll stop winking! " "Really? Great! Show me! " So the applicant reaches into his jacket pocket and begins pulling out all sorts of condoms: red condoms, blue condoms, ribbed condoms, flavored condoms; finally, at the bottom, he finds a packet of aspirin. He tears it open, swallows the pills, and stops winking. "Well, " said the interviewer, "that 's all well and good, but this is a respectable company, and we will not have our employees womanizing all over the country! " "Womanizing? What do you mean? I 'm a happily married man! " "Well then, how do you explain all these condoms? " "Oh, that, " he sighed. "Have you ever walked into a pharmacy, winking, and asked for aspirin? ""


ITEM 1603
"A wife was complaining to her husband, about how less fortunate she was with her breast size. She wanted bigger boobs. Her husband simply replied: "Rub some toliet paper on your chest, it worked with your butt "


ITEM 1239
"A mature woman goes to the doctor and asks his help to revive her  man 's sex drive. "What about trying Viagra? " asks the doctor. "Not a chance, " says Mrs. Murphy. "He won't even take an aspirin for  a headache. " "No problem " replies the doctor. "Drop it into his coffee; he won 't  even taste it. Try it and come back in a week to let me know how you got  on. " A week later, Mrs. Murphy visits the doctor, and he inquires as to  how things went. "Oh, it was terrible, just terrible, doctor. " "What happened? " asks the doctor. "Well, I did as you advised and slipped it in his coffee. The effect  was immediate. He jumped straight up, swept the cutlery off the table, at  the same time ripping my clothes off, and then proceeded to make passionate  love to me on the tabletop. It was terrible. " "What 's terrible? " asked the doctor. "Was the sex not good? " "Oh no, doctor, the sex was the best I 've had in 25 years, but I 'll  never be able to show my face in McDonald 's again. "


ITEM 628
"An armless man walked into a bar which is empty except for the bartender. He ordered a drink and when he was served, asked the bartender if he would get the money from his wallet in his pocket, since he has no arms. The bartender obliged him. He then asked if the bartender would tip the glass to his lips. The bartender did this until the man finished his drink. He then asked if the bartender would get a hanky from his pocket and wipe the foam from his lips. The bartender did it and commented it must be very difficult not to have arms and have to ask someone to do nearly everything for him. The man said, "Yes, it is a bit embarrassing at times. By the way, where is your restroom? " The bartender quickly replied, "The closest one is in the gas station three blocks down the street. "


ITEM 326
"One day mom was cleaning juniors room and in the closet she found a bondage S+M magazine. This was highly upsetting for her.She hid the magazine until his father got home and showed it to him.He looked at it and handed it back to her with out a word.She finally asked him, "Well what should we do about this? "Dad looked at her and said, "Well, I don't think you should spank him. "


ITEM 383
"Recently a "Husband Super Store " opened where women could go to choose a husband from among many men. It was laid out in five floors. The only rule was, once you opened the door to any floor, you HAD to choose a man from that floor; if you went up a floor, you couldn 't go back down except to leave the place, never to return. A couple of girlfriends went to the shopping center to find some husbands... First floor The door had a sign saying, "These men have jobs and love kids. " The women read the sign and said, "Well, that 's better than not having a job or not loving kids, but I wonder what 's further up? " So up they went. Second floor The sign read, "These men have high paying jobs, love kids, and are extremely good looking. " "Hmmm, " said the ladies, "But, I wonder what 's further up? " Third floor This sign read, "These men have high paying jobs, are extremely good looking, love kids and help with the housework. " "Wow, " said the women, "Very tempting. " But there was another floor, so further up they went. Fourth floor This door had a sign saying "These men have high paying jobs, love kids, are extremely good looking, help with the housework and have a strong romantic streak. " "Oh, mercy me, " they cried, "Just think what must be awaiting us further on! So up to the fifth floor they went. Fifth floor The sign on that door said, "This floor is empty and exists only to prove that women are impossible to please. The exit is to your left. "


ITEM 1667
"Recently a teacher, a garbage collector, and a lawyer wound up together at the Pearly Gates. St. Peter informed them that in order to get into Heaven, they would each have to answer one question. St. Peter addressed the teacher and asked, "What was the name of the ship that crashed into the iceberg? They just made a movie about it. " The teacher answered quickly, "That would be the Titanic. " St.Peter let him through the gate. St. Peter turned to the garbage man and, figuring Heaven didn 't REALLY need all the odors that this guy would bring with him, decided to make the question a little harder: "How many people died on the ship? " Fortunately for him, the trash man had just seen the movie, and answered, "1,228. " "That 's right! " St. Peter then turned to the lawyer. "Name them. "


ITEM 1337
"A guy stood over his tee shot for what seemed an eternity, looking up, looking down, measuring the distance, figuring the wind direction and speed. Driving his partner nuts.Finally his exasperated partner says, "What the hell is taking so long? Hit the goddamn ball! "The guy answers, "My wife is up there watching me from the clubhouse. I want to make this a perfect shot. " "Well, hell, man, you don 't stand a snowball 's chance in hell of hitting her from here! "


ITEM 1250
"The businessman dragged himself home and barely made it to his chair before he dropped exhausted.His sympathetic wife was right there with a tall cool drink and a comforting word. "My, you look tired, " she said. "You must have had a hard day today. What happened to make you so exhausted? " "It was terrible, " her husband said. "The computer broke down and all of us had to do our own thinking. "


ITEM 2098
"I pulled up to the drive-thru of a fast-food restaurant and ordered coffee.  I asked the clerk to put some ice cubes into the cup so that I could drink the cool coffee quickly. At the window, there was a delay. Finally, a teen-aged girl came to the window looking frustrated. "I 'm having a problem, " she announced.   "The ice keeps melting. "


ITEM 385
"A young man was showing off his new sports car to his girlfriend. She was thrilled with the speed. "If I do 150mph will you take off your clothes? " he asked. "Yes " said the girl.When he got to 150mph, she peeled off her clothes. The boyfriend couldn 't keep his eyes on the road,and soon went off into the woods, crashing the car. She was flung clear of the wreckage, but he was stuckbetween the steering wheel and the seat. "Go and get help " he cried "But I can 't, I 'm naked and my clothes are gone " said the girl. "Take my shoe and cover your fanny Go quickly "She came up on a service station and said to the bloke behind the counter "Quick help me, my boyfriend 's stuck " The bloke looked at the shoe and said "There 's nothing I can do lady, he 's in way too far "


ITEM 389
"The father of 17 kids goes to the doc 's with a rash on his belly. "All right " says the Doc, "drop 'em and let 's have a look. " Having been confronted with the evidence the Doc exclaims "Yes, you 've got a bad rash there, but my word, what brown balls you 've got. They 're truly remarkable! ".The patient is a bit embarrassed and says "Look Doc, what about the rash? " "Oh that 's easy, " said the Doc, "Here 's some cream to rub on. By the way, those brown balls are amazing, my I ask..... " "No, " said the patient, "You can 't. Now, is that all Doc? " "Well, " said the Doctor, " You could stop the rash coming back with a bit better hygiene. Tell your wife you need clean underpants every day. And those really are the brownest balls I 've ever seen! "The guy goes home and tells his wife that the Doctor says he needs clean underpants every day. "What? " she yells, "Clean underpants every day, and me with 17 kids to chase after! Seventeen kids to wash, feed, clothe, get to school, tidy after, and you want clean underpants every day? You must be bloody joking, I haven 't even got time to wipe my arse! " "Ah " he said, "And that 's another thing I wanted to talk to you about... ""


ITEM 642
"Two old pensioners are taking a trip down memory lane by going back to the place where they first met. Sitting at a cafe, the little old man says, "Remember the first time I met you over 50 years ago? We left this cafe, went round the corner behind the gas works, and I gave you one from behind. " "Why, yes, I remember it well, dear, " replies the little old lady with a grin. "Well, for old time 's sake, let 's go there again. and I 'll give you one from behind. " The two pensioners pay their bill and leave the cafe. A young man sitting next to them has overheard the conversation and smiles to himself, thinking it would be quite amusing to see two old pensioners at it. He gets up and follows them. Sure enough, he sees the two pensioners near the gas works. The little old lady pulls off her knickers and lifts up her dress. The old man pulls down his pants and grabs the lady 's hips, and the little old lady reaches for the fence. Well, what follows is 40 minutes of the most athletic sex the man has ever seen. The little old man is banging away at the little old woman at a pace that can only be described as phenomenal. Limbs are flying everywhere, the movement is a blur, and they do not stop for a single second. Finally, they collapse and don 't move for an hour. Well, the man is stunned. Never in his life has he ever seen anything that equates to this -- not in the movies, not from his friends, not from his own experiences. Reflecting on what he has just seen, he says to himself, "I have to know his secret. If only I could shag like that now, let alone in 50 years ' time! " The two old pensioners have by this time recovered and dressed themselves. Plucking up courage, the man approaches the pensioner. He says, "Sir, in all my life I have never seen anybody shag like that, particularly at your age. What 's your secret? Could you shag like that 50 years ago? " The pensioner replies, "Son, 50 years ago, that goddamn fence wasn 't electrified. ""


ITEM 1266
"One fine day, a bus driver went to the bus garage, started his bus, and drove off along the route. No problems for the first few stops, a few people got on, a few got off, and things went generally well.At the next stop, however, a big hulk of a guy got on. Six feet eight, built like a wrestler, arms hanging down to the ground. He glared at the driver and said, "Big John doesn 't pay! " and sat down at the back.The next day the same thing happened-Big John got on again, made a show of refusing to pay, and sat down. And the next day, and the one after that, and so forth. This grated on the bus driver, who started losing sleep over the way Big John was taking advantage of him.Finally he could stand it no longer. He signed up for body building courses, karate, judo, and all that good stuff. By the end of the summer, he had become quite strong; what 's more, he felt really good about himself.So on the next Monday, when Big John once again got on the bus and said, "Big John doesn 't pay!, " the driver stood up, glared back at the passenger, and screamed, "And why not? "With a surprised look on his face, Big John replied, "Big John has a bus pass."


]]>
</TEXT>
</Humor>
