<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
<Humor>
<TEXT><![CDATA[
ITEM 972
"Yo mamas so fat, she has to borrow a belt from orion"


ITEM 842
"there two boys and they live in a small little town in virginia. These two boys are especially bad and are always in trouble. after the two boys got cought for steeling one day there mothers sent them to talk to the town priest. So the two boys went to talk to the pastor and the pastor asked the smallest child to come in and talk to him. well the pastor asked the young child "do you believe in god? " the young boy answered shyly "yes " so the pastor said ok "do you know where god is? " the young boy had a puzzled look on his face and said "nope " so the pastor said again "do you know where god is? " the boy looked back and said "i alreay told you no " so the pastor asked a last time "do you know where god is? " at that time the boy ran out the room and to his older brother. The older brother asked "whats wrong? " the young boy answered "were in big trouble now " "oh well were always in trouble whats the big deal? " the young boy answered "now God is missing and they thing we 've done it. ""


ITEM 2082
"A Jew, a Greek, and an Italian man all die in a plane crash. They are standing before the Lord, and the Lord tells them, "I am going to give you one more chance.  I 'll send you back to earth on one condition: that you give up your bad habits. "    They all say, "We will, we will.  Please let us live again! " The Italian man agrees to give up eating compulsively. The Jewish man promises to give up thinking of money all the time. And the Greek man vows not to constantly think about sex.    Suddenly they find themselves back on earth, walking down the street.  Before they even get a chance to say anything to each other about what has just happened, the Italian man sees a restaurant and begins to salivate.  He starts running toward the restaurant when POOF!  He disappears in a cloud of smoke.    Just then, the Jewish man sees a dime on the street a couple of feet away.  He steps forward, bends over to pick it up, and POOF! Both he and the Greek disappear."


ITEM 761
"a man goes on a trip to japan on business. inbetween sessions, he goes to play golf. he ends up having the worst day of his life. all double bogeys. a fellow golfer tells him the best way to correct this is to go get laid, so he will relax. he goes to the local, and goes at it. the lady spends the entire evening screaming, naha sari! over and over. the man then triumphantly returns, and at the first hole, he hits a hole in one! thinking of the night before , he smiles, and yells, naha sari! the man golfing with him looks and says, "what do you mean wrong hole? ""


ITEM 1332
"Mrs. Biddle was walking down the street one day carrying a small box with holes punched in the top. "What 's in that box? " Mrs. Riddle asked. "A cat, " Mrs. Biddle answered. "What for? " "I 've been dreaming about mice at night, and I 'm scared of mice. The cat is to catch them. " "But the mice you dream about are imaginary, " said Mrs. Riddle. Mrs. Biddle turned to her friend and whispered, "So is the cat. ""


ITEM 644
"A very shy guy goes into a bar and sees a beautiful woman sitting at the bar. After an hour of gathering up his courage, he finally goes over to her and asks, tentatively, "Um, would you mind if I chatted with you for a while? "She responds by yelling, at the top of her lungs, "NO! I won 't sleep with you tonight! " Everyone in the bar is now staring at them. Naturally, the guy is hopelessly and completely embarrassed and he slinks back to his table.After a few minutes, the woman walks over to him and apologizes. She smiles at him and says, "I 'm sorry if I embarrassed you. You see, I 'm a graduate student in psychology, and I 'm studying how people respond to embarrassing situations. "To which he responds, at the top of his lungs, "What do you mean $200?! ""


ITEM 495
"Before going to Europe on business, a man drove his Rolls-Royce to a downtown New York City bank and went in to ask for an immediate loan of $5,000. The loan officer, taken aback, requested collateral and so the man said, "Well then, here are the keys to my Rolls-Royce. " The loan officer promptly had the car driven into the bank 's underground parking for safe keeping, and gave him $5,000. Two weeks later, the man walked through the bank 's doors, and asked to settle up his loan and get his car back. "That will be $5,000 in principal, and $15.40 in interest ", the loan officer said. The man wrote out a check and started to walk away. "Wait sir ", the loan officer said, "while you were gone, I found out you are a millionaire. Why in the world would you need to borrow $5,000? " The man smiled. "Where else could I park my Rolls-Royce in Manhattan for two weeks and pay only $15.40?"


ITEM 409
"A doctor and his wife were having a big argument at breakfast. "You aren 't so good in bed either! " he shouted and stormed off to work.By midmorning, he decided he 'd better make amends and phoned home. After many rings, his wife picked up the phone. "What took you so long to answer? " "I was in bed. " "What were you doing in bed this late? " "Getting a second opinion. ""


ITEM 1487
"A blonde was bragging about her knowledge of state capitals. She proudly says, "Go ahead, ask me, Iknow all of them. " A friend says, "OK, what 's the capital of Wisconsin? " The blonde replies, "Oh, that 's easy: W. ""


ITEM 308
"An Irishman in a wheelchair rolls into a bar and asks the waitress for a cup of coffee.  He then looks over at the bar and asks the waitress, "Is that Jesus? "  The waitress says that it is, so the Irishman says, "Give him a cup of coffee... I 'll pay. " A few minutes later, an Englishman with a humped back walks in and asks the waitress for a cup of tea.  He then asks the waitress, "Hey... is that Jesus over there? "  The waitress nods and so the Englishman says, "Give 'im a cup of tea... on me. " A few minutes later, a Redneck walks in on a pair of crutches.  He says, "Hey, sweet thang... how 's 'bout an ice-cold coke.  Holy smokes... is that Jesus? "  The waitress says, "Sure is. "  So, the Redneck says, "Give the ol ' boy a coke... put it on my tab. "  Later, Jesus gets up to leave, walks over to the Irishman, touches him and says, "For your kindness, you are healed. "  The Irishman gets up out of his wheelchair and dances a jig out of the door.  Jesus walks over to the Englishman, touches him and says, "For your kindness, you are healed. "  The Englishman stretches out his back and does backflips out the door.  Jesus walks over to the Redneck.  Then, the Redneck gets up, backs away, and says, "Stay away from me... I 'm drawin ' disability! ""


ITEM 434
"A woman accompanied her husband to the doctor 's office. After his checkup, the doctor called the wife into his office alone. He said, "Your husband is suffering from a very severe stress disorder. If you don 't follow my instructions carefully, your husband will surely die. "Each morning, fix him a healthy breakfast. Be pleasant at all times. For lunch make him a nutritious meal. For dinner prepare an especially nice meal for him. "Don 't burden him with chores. Don 't discuss your problems with him; it will only make his stress worse. Do not nag him. Most importantly, make love to him regularly. "If you can do this for the next 10 months to a year, I think your husband will regain his health completely. " On the way home, the husband asked his wife, "What did the doctor say? " "He said you 're going to die, " she replied."


ITEM 1507
"My uncle once spent days looking for his new hat. Finally, he decided that he 'd go to church on Sunday and sit at the back. During the service he would sneak out and grab a hat from the rack at the front door.On Sunday, he went to church and sat at the back. The sermon was about the 10 commandments. He sat through the whole sermon and instead of sneaking out he waited until the sermon was over and went to talk to the minister. "Father, I came here today to steal a hat to replace the one I lost. But after hearing your sermon on the 10 Commandments, I changed my mind. "The minister said, "Bless you my son. Was it when I started to preach thou shall not steal, that changed your heart? "My uncle responded, "No, it was the one on adultery. When you started to preach on that, I remembered where I left my hat. ""


ITEM 1825
"A man goes into a pet shop to buy a parrot. The shop owner points to three identical looking parrots on a perch and says: "The parrot to the left costs 500 dollars ". "Why does the parrot cost so much? " the customer asks.The owner says, "Well, it knows how to use a computer. "The customer asks about the next parrot and is told "That one costs 1,000 dollars because it can do everything the other parrot can do plus it knows how to use the UNIX operating system. "Naturally, the increasingly startled man asks about the third parrot and is told "That one costs 2,000 dollars. "Needless to say this begs the question "What can IT do? "To which the owner replies "To be honest I have never seen it do a thing but the other two call him boss! ""


ITEM 1912
"Q: How many bikers does it take to change a light bulb? A: It takes two. One to change the bulb, and the other to kick the switch."


ITEM 1274
"A man and a woman who have never met before find themselves in the same sleeping carriage of a train.After the initial embarrassment, they both go to sleep, the woman on the lower bunk, the man on the top.In the middle of the night the man leans over and says, "I 'm sorry to bother you but I 'm cold and I was wondering if you could possibly pass me another blanket. "The woman leans out and says in a sexy voice, "I 've got a better idea. Let 's pretend we 're married. " "Hey, terrific idea! " says the eager man. "Good! " she replies, "Get your own fuckin ' blanket! ""


ITEM 616
"The phone rings at FBI headquarters. "Hello? " "Hello, is this FBI? " "Yes. What do you want? " "I 'm calling to report my neighbor Tom. He is hiding marijuana in his firewood. " "This will be noted. " Next day, the FBI comes over to Tom 's house. They search the shed where the firewood is kept, break every piece of wood, find no marijuana, swear at Tom and leave. The phone rings at Tom 's house. "Hey, Tom! Did the FBI come? " "Yeah! " "Did they chop your firewood? " "Yeah they did. " "Okay, now it 's your turn to call. I need my garden plowed. ""


ITEM 29
"A young blonde woman is distraught because she fears her husband is having an affair, so she goes to a gun shop and buys a handgun.The next day she comes home to find her husband in bed with a beautiful redhead. She grabs the gun and holds it to her own head.The husband jumps out of bed, begging and pleading with her not to shoot herself. Hysterically the blonde responds to the husband, "shut up...you 're next! ""


ITEM 1821
"An Irishman was in the South of France and could not understand why Pierre had attracted so many girls on the beach and he had attracted no one. So he asked Pierre, "How do you manage to attract all the girls and I attract no one? " Pierre said, "Take a potato and tuck it in your swimming costume, it drives the women wild. " So the Irishman stuffed a potato in his costume and paraded up and down the beach. After a great many hours, however, he still failed to arouse a woman. So the Irishman went to see Pierre again and said, "I 've tried it Pierre, it doesn 't work! " Pierre took one look at the Irishman and said, "You might try putting the potato in the front of your bathing suit! ""


ITEM 405
"Once a woman was in labor; she was having a really tough time dealing with the pain. The doctor came to her husband and her and told them of a new experimental drug that allows the woman to transfer 25% of the pain to the father. The husband feels really bad for his wife so he decides they will try it.The wife takes the pill and a few minutes later the husband says, "I don 't feel a thing. You women are babies. Take another pill I can handle this. " So the wife takes another pill. Same thing happens. Her husband tells her to take another pill. Same thing. By now she has transferred 75% of her pain to her husband. She is feeling a little pain but her husband is still feeling nothing. He is convinced that women are complete wuses. He tells her, "Take another pill. This isn 't hurting me at all. Let me take all the pain away. " So she does. Now they are both feeling great.A few hours later, the wife gives birth to a beautiful baby boy. The next day they take their newborn son home, and there they find the mailman dead on the doorstep."


ITEM 1529
"Did you hear about the man with five dicks?-His pants fit like a glove!"


]]>
</TEXT>
</Humor>
