<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
<Humor>
<TEXT><![CDATA[
ITEM 1851
"A little boy got lost at the YMCA and found himself in the women 's locker room. When he was spotted, the room burst into shrieks, with ladies grabbing towels and running for cover. The little boy watched in amazement and then asked, "What 's the matter -- haven 't you ever seen a little boy before? ""


ITEM 1355
"Waitress walks up to a man and says "Hi, May I take your order please? " The man replies, "Yes, can I get the turtle soup please. "The waitress walks off to go get his order, but the man changes his mind and decides he wants pea soup instead. He calls for the waitress and says, "Hold the turtle, make it pea! ""


ITEM 233
" "Mr. Quinn, I have reviewed this case very carefully, " the divorce court judge said, "and I 've decided to give your wife $775 a week. " "That 's very fair, your honor, " the husband said. "And every now and then I 'll try to send her a few bucks myself. ""


ITEM 338
"A professor of chemistry wanted to teach his 5th grade class a lesson about the evils of liquor, so he produced an experiment that involved a glass of water, a glass of whiskey, and two worms. "Now, class, closely observe the worms, " said the professor while putting a worm into the water.The worm in the water writhed about, happy as a worm in water could be.He then put the second worm into the whiskey. It curled up and writhed about painfully, then quickly sank to the bottom, dead as a doornail. "Now, what lesson can we learn from this experiment? " the professor asked.Johnny, who naturally sits in back, raised his hand and wisely, respondedconfidently, "Drink whiskey and you won 't get worms. ""


ITEM 960
"yo mama so fat with her we are 2 nations."


ITEM 402
"A woman accompanied her husband to the doctor 's office. After his checkup, the doctor called the wife into his office alone. He said, "Your husband is suffering from a very severe stress disorder. If you don 't do the following, your husband will surely die. " "Each morning, fix him a healthy breakfast. Be pleasant at all times. For lunch make him a nutritious meal. For dinner prepare an especially nice meal for him. Don 't burden him with chores. Don 't discuss your problems with him, it will only make his stress worse. No nagging. And most importantly, make love with your husband several times a week. If you can do this for the next 10 months to a year, I think your husband will regain his health completely. " On the way home, the husband asked his wife. "What did the doctor say? " "He said you 're going to die, " she replied."


ITEM 1860
"Q: How many 'Real Women ' does it take to change a light bulb? A: None: A 'Real Woman ' would have plenty of real men around to do it."


ITEM 2073
"In the Beginning God created heaven and the earth. Quickly he was faced with a class action suit for failure to file an environmental impact statement. He was granted a temporary permit for the project, but was stymied with the cease and desist order for the earthly part. Appearing at the hearing, God was asked why he began his earthly project in the first place. He replied that he just liked to be creative. Then God said, "Let there be light ", and immediately the officials demanded to know how the light would be made. Would there be strip mining? What about thermal pollution? God explained that the light would come from a huge ball of fire. God was granted provisional permission to make light, assuming that no smoke would result from the ball of fire: that he would obtain a building permit; and to conserve energy, would have the light out half the time. God agreed and said he would call the light "Day " and the darkness "Night ". Officials replied that they were not interested in semantics. God said, "Let the earth bring forth green herb and such as many seed ". The EPA agreed so long as native seed was used. Then God said, "Let waters bring forth creeping creatures having life; and the fowl that may fly over the earth ". Officials pointed out this would require approval from the Department of Game coordinated with the Heavenly Wildlife Federation and the Audubongelic Society. Everything was fine until God said he wanted to complete the project in Six days. Officials said it would take at least 200 days to review the application and impact statement. After that there would be a public hearing. Then there would be 10-12 months before... At this point God created Hell."


ITEM 1675
"What is the difference between a girlfriend and a wife?About .....35 pounds"


ITEM 1099
"When you pass away and people ask me what the cause of your death was, I 'll say it was your stupidity."


ITEM 859
"A Mafia Godfather, accompanied by his attorney, walks into aroom to meet with his former accountant.The Godfather asks the accountant, "Where is the 3 million bucksyou embezzled from me? " The accountant does not answer.The Godfather asks again, "Where is the 3 million bucks youembezzled from me? "The attorney interrupts, "Sir, the man is a deaf mute and cannotunderstand you, but I can interpret for you. "The Godfather says, "Well ask him where my damn money is! " Theattorney, using sign language, asks the accountant where the 3million dollars is.The accountant signs back, "I don 't know what you are talking about. "The attorney interprets to the Godfather, "He doesn 't know whatyou are talking about. "The Godfather pulls out a 9 millimeter pistol, puts it to thetemple of the accountant, cocks the trigger and says, "Ask himagain where my damn money is! "The attorney signs to the accountant, "He wants to know whereit is! "The accountant signs back, "OK! OK! OK! The money is hidden ina brown suitcase behind the shed in my backyard! "The Godfather says, "Well....what did he say? "The attorney interprets to the Godfather, "He says...go to hell.....that you don 't have the guts to pull the trigger. ""


ITEM 1645
"A lawyer sent an overdue bill to a client with a note that said, "This bill is one year old. "By return mail, the lawyer received the bill back with a note attached to it, saying: "Happy Birthday. ""


ITEM 919
"A young lady goes to a new doctor for an examination, and he discovers that she has crabs. He thinks to himself , "How am I going to her that she has crabs? "After the exam he tells her to get dressed and meet him back in his office. Once there he proceeds to tell her that she has a very unusual condition. She is quite concerned and asks him what it is. He responds that she is suffering from Nixon 's Disease.She says, "What? "He again responds, "Nixon 's Disease. "She says, "Level with me, Doc, what does it mean? "He responds, "Well Miss Jones, to put it very bluntly, you 've got bugs in your oval orifice. ""


ITEM 563
"A blind man is walking down the street with his seeing-eye dog one day. They come to a busy intersection, and the dog, ignoring the high volume of traffic zooming by on the street, leads the blind man right out into the thick of traffic. This is followed by the screech of tires and horns blaring as panicked drivers try desperately not to run the pair down.The blind man and the dog finally reach the safety of the sidewalk on the other side of the street, and the blind man pulls a cookie out of his coat pocket, which he offers to the dog. A passer-by, having observed the near fatal incident, can 't control his amazement and says to the blind man, "Why on earth are you rewarding your dog with a cookie? He nearlygot you killed! "The blind man turns partially in his direction and replies, "To find out where his head is, so I can kick his ass. ""


ITEM 81
"Two blondes walk in to a building.You 'd think one of them would have seen the building."


ITEM 1652
"Just before a new redneck had his first parachute jump, his sergeant reminded him, "Count to ten, then pull the first rip cord. If it snarls, pull the second rip cord for your auxiliary chute. After you land, our truck will pick you up. "The paratrooper took a deep breath and jumped. He counted to ten and pulled the first cord. Nothing happened. He pulled the second cord. Again, nothing happened. As he plummeted to the ground, he said to himself, "I 'll bet that truck won 't be there either! ""


ITEM 1717
"A blonde goes for a job interview in an office. The interviewer decides to start with the basics. 'So, Miss, can you tell us your age, please? ' The blonde counts carefully on her fingers for about 30 seconds before replying, 'Ehhhh .. 22! ' The interviewer tries another straightforward one to break the ice. 'And can you tell us your height, please? ' The young lady stands up and produces a measuring tape from her handbag. She then traps one end under her foot and extends the tape to the top of her head. She checks the measurement and announces, 'Five foot two! ' This isn 't looking good so the interviewer goes for the real basics. 'And uhh, just to confirm for our records, your name please? ' The blonde bobs her head from side to side for about twenty seconds, mouthing something silently to herself, before replying, 'Mandy! ' The interviewer is completely baffled at this stage, so he asks, 'Just out of curiosity, Miss. We can understand your counting on your fingers to work out your age, and the measuring tape for your height is obvious, but what were you doing when we asked you your name? ' 'Ohh that! ', replies the blonde, 'That 's just me running through 'Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you.... ' '"


]]>
</TEXT>
</Humor>
