<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
<Humor>
<TEXT><![CDATA[
ITEM 1807
"How do most men define marriage? A very expensive way to get your laundry done free."


ITEM 1458
"A grandmother was giving directions to her grown grandson, who was coming for a Christmas visit with his wife. "You come to the front door of the apartment complex. I am in apartment 14T. " She continued, "There is a big panel at the door. With your elbow push button 14T. I will buzz you in. Come inside, the elevator is on the right. Get in, and with your elbow hit 14. When you get out I am on the left. With your elbow, hit my doorbell. " "Grandma, that sounds easy, " replied the grandson, "but why am I hitting all these buttons with my elbow "? To which she answered, "You 're coming empty handed? ""


ITEM 1557
"A guy went into this bar and saw this man with a shrunken head. Amazed, he goes up to him and asks how it happened. "I was a sailor who was shipwrecked on an deserted island " he replies. "When I was on the island, I saw this woman who looked like she was drowning, so I saved her. She turned out to be this beautiful enchanted mermaid and she offered me three wishes as payment. My first wish was to get off the island and back home. No sooner than I asked did we end up back at my house. My next wish was for money. The next thing you know, my house was filled with bills of all denominations. I couldn 't have been happier. When she reminded me of my final wish, all I could think of was how beautiful she was. I wished to make love to her.She told me that it was impossible, seeing how she was a mermaid and all. So I said 'Well, how about a little head? ' ""


ITEM 71
"There 's this blonde who goes into an electronics shop, and asks the bloke in there if she can buy this TV. But the bloke says Sorry, we dont serve blondes.      So she goes away, dyes her hair brown, and goes back. Sorry, we dont serve blondes, the bloke says.So she goes back and dyes her hair ginger, but he still tells her they dont serve blondes.Sooooo, she goes back yet again, but dyes her hair black. Again, she asks if she can buy the TV, but yet again, she cant get served.Look, she says, how can you tell i 'm a blonde, even tho i 've dyed my hair??? Sorry lady, thats a microwave!!!!"


ITEM 449
"A man is in a hotel lobby. He wants to ask the clerk a question. As he turns to go to the front desk, he accidentally bumps into a woman beside him and as he does, his elbow goes into her breast. They are both quite startled. The man turns to her and says, "Ma 'm, if your heart is as soft as your breast, I know you 'll forgive me. " She replies, "if your member is as hard as your elbow, I 'm in room 436. ""


ITEM 112
"A guy goes into a drugstore to buy condoms. "What size? " asks the clerk? "Gee, I don 't know. " "Go see Sophie in aisle 4. " He goes over to see Sophie, who grabs him in the crotch, and yells, "Medium! " The guy is mortified! He hurries over to pay and leaves quickly. Another guy comes in to buy condoms, and gets sent to Sophie in aisle 4. Sophie grabs him and yells, "Large! " The guy struts over to the register, pays, and leaves. A high school kid comes in to buy condoms. "What size? " The kid embarrassedly says "I 've never done this before. I don 't know what size. " The clerk sends him over to Sophie in aisle 4. She grabs him and yells "Clean up in aisle 4! ""


ITEM 558
"A man died and went to heaven. As he stood in front of St. Peter at the Pearly Gates, he saw a huge wall of clocks behind him. He asked, "What are all those clocks? " St. Peter answered, "Those are Lie-Clocks. Everyone on Earth has a Lie-Clock. Every time you lie the hands on your clock will move. " "Oh, " said the man, "Whose clock is that? " "That 's Mother Teresa 's. The hands have never moved, indicating that she never told a lie. " "Incredible, " said the man. "And whose clock is that one? " St. Peter responded, "That 's Abraham Lincoln 's clock. The hands have moved twice, telling us that Abe told only two lies in his entire life. " "Where 's George Bush 's clock? " asked the man. "Bush 's clock is in Jesus ' office. He 's using it as a ceiling fan. ""


ITEM 72
"A blonde dyed her hair to red one day, then she takes a walk down the road and comes upon a farm. She walks up to the fenced yard where the farmer is counting his sheeps. The farmer  said hello and that if she guessed how many he had, then she can keep one. The blonde thought it was a great idea, so she starts counting in her head. She finally guessed 26, which was RIGHT!!! The farmer was amazed, but he kept his word. She climbed over the fence and back with the animal in her arms. The farmer takes one look at her and the animal and says, " If I guess what natural hair color you have, can i have my dog back? ""


ITEM 549
"A Jewish boy comes home from school and tells his mother he 's been given a part in the school play. "Wonderful. What part is it? " The boy says, "I play the part of the Jewish husband. " The mother scowls and says, "Go back and tell the teacher you want a speaking part. ""


ITEM 1184
"A band director named Ravelli was having a lot of trouble with one drummer.He talked and talked and talked with the drummer, and performance simply didn 't improve. Finally, before the whole orchestra, he said, "When a musician just can 't handle his instrument and doesn 't improve when given help, they take away the instrument, and give him two sticks, and make him a drummer. " A stage whisper was heard from the percussion section: "And if he can 't handle even that, they take away one of his sticks and make him a conductor. ""


ITEM 880
"The President and Mrs. Clinton are in the front row just above the dugout at a Yankees game.  The row behind them is taken up with Secret Service agents. One of them leans over and whispers something in the President 's ear.President Clinton pauses, then grabs Hillary by the scruff of the neckand heaves her over the railing.  She falls 10 feet to the top of the dug out, kicking and screaming obscenities all the way down, and aftershe lands, the President bows to the crowd, and shakes hands and "high five 's " everyone near him.The same Secret Service agent again leans over and whispers, "No Mr.President, I said, they want you to throw out the first PITCH. ""


ITEM 924
"A 75 year old man went to his doctor 's office to get sperm count. The doctor gave the man a jar and said, "Take this jar home and bring me back a sample tomorrow. " The next day the 75 year old man reappears at the doctor 's office and gives him the jar, which is as clean and empty as on the previous day. The doctor asked what happened and the man explains: "Well, doc, it 's like this: First I tried with my right hand, but nothing. Then I tried with my left hand, but still nothing. Then I asked my wife for help. She tried with her right hand. but nothing. Then her left, but nothing. She even tried with her mouth, first with the teeth in, then with the teeth out, and still nothing. We even called up the lady next door and she tried with both hands, and her mouth too, but nothing. " The doctor was stunned. "You asked your neighbor? " The old man replied, "Yep, but no matter what we tried we couldn 't get the darn jar open! ""


ITEM 1199
"A woman walked up to a little old man rocking in a chair on his porch. "I couldn 't help noticing how happy you look, " she said. "What 's your secret for a long happy life? " "I smoke three packs of cigarettes a day, " he said. "I also drink a case of whiskey a week, eat fatty foods, and never exercise. " "That 's amazing, " the woman said. "How old are you? " "Twenty-six, " he said."


ITEM 1929
"Little Nancy was in the garden filling in a hole when her neighbor peered over the fence. Interested in what the little girl was up to, he politely asked, "What are you up to there, Nancy? " "My goldfish died, " replied Nancy tearfully, without looking up, "and I 've just buried him. " The neighbor was concerned, "That 's an awfully big hole for a goldfish, isn 't it? " Nancy patted down the last heap of earth and then replied, "That 's because he 's inside your stupid cat. ""


ITEM 850
"A lawyer married a woman who had previously divorced ten husbands. On their wedding night, she told her new husband, "Please be gentle, I 'm still a virgin. " "What? " said the puzzled groom. "How can that be if you 've been married ten times? " "Well, Husband #1 was a sales representative; he kept telling me how great it was going to be. Husband #2 was in software services; he was never really sure how it was supposed to function, but he said he 'd look into it and get back to me. Husband #3 was from field services; he said everything checked out diagnostically but he just couldn 't get the system up. Husband #4 was in telemarketing; even though he knew he had the order, he didn 't know when he would be able to deliver. Husband #5 was an engineer; he understood the basic process but wanted three years to research, implement, and design a new state-of-the-art method. Husband #6 was from finance and administration; he thought he knew how, but he wasn 't sure whether it was his job or not. Husband #7 was in marketing; although he had a nice product, he was never sure how to position it. Husband #8 was a psychologist; all he ever did was talk about it. Husband #9 was a gynecologist; all he did was look at it. Husband #10 was a stamp collector; all he ever did was... God! I miss him! But now that I 've married you, I 'm really excited! " "Good, " said the new husband, "but, why? " "You 're a lawyer. This time I know I 'm gonna get screwed! ""


ITEM 1506
"Just before Thanksgiving, a lady was picking through the frozen turkeys at the grocery store, but couldn 't find one big enough for her family. She asked a stock boy, "Do these turkeys get any bigger? " The stock boy replied, "No ma 'am, they 're dead. ""


ITEM 351
"It 's the first day of kindergarten, and the teacher decides to do taste association. 'I 'll blindfold you and give you a lifesaver, and you tell me what flavor it is, ' she tells the children. So she gives them all a cherry flavor, and says, 'What flavor is that? ' The whole class answers 'Mmmm, that 's cherry. ' 'Very good, ' the teacher replies. So she gives them all a grape and they reply, 'Mmm, that 's grape. ' 'Very good, ' she says again. Then she gives them all a honey flavor. The whole class sits perplexed by the strange taste, so the teacher says 'OK, I 'll give you a hint, it 's something your parents might call each other. ' Billy spits his out on the floor and yells, 'Spit 'em out everyone, they 're idiots! '"


ITEM 796
"An elderly couple were driving across the country. The woman was driving when she got pulled over by the highway patrol. The officer said, "Ma 'am did you know you were speeding? " The woman, hard of hearing, turns to her husband and asks, "What did he say? " The old man yells, "He says you were speeding! " The patrolman says, "May I see your license? " The woman turns to her husband and asks again, "What did he say? " The old man yells, "He wants to see your license! " The woman gave the officer her license. The patrolman says, "I see you are from Arkansas. I spent some time there once and went on a blind date with the ugliest woman I 've ever seen. " The woman turned to her husband and asked, "What did he say? " And the old man yells, "He said he knows you! "."


ITEM 1233
"Bridget got sick of all these "dumb blonde " jokes. So one evening she went home and memorized all the state capitals.Back in our office the next day, Jim started telling one he just got on the internet.She cut him off cold. "I 've had it up to here with these blonde jokes.I want you to know that this blonde went home last night and did something probably none of you could do...I memorized all the state capitals. "Jim looked at her, as she appeared quite serious, and said, "I don 't believe you. What is the capital of Nevada? " "N ", Bridget answered."


ITEM 867
"A dying man gathered his Lawyer, Doctor and Clergyman at his bed side and handed each of them an envelope containing $25,000 in cash. He made them each promise that after his death and during his repose, they would place the three envelopes in his coffin. He told them that he wanted to have enough money to enjoy the next life.A week later the man died. At the Wake, the Lawyer and Doctor and Clergyman, each concealed an envelope in the coffin and bid their old client and friend farewell. By chance, these three met several months later. Soon the Clergyman, feeling guilty, blurted out a confession saying that there was only $10,000 in the envelope he placed in the coffin. He felt, rather than waste all the money, he would send it to a Mission in South America. He asked for their forgiveness. The Doctor, moved by the gentle Clergymans sincerity, confessed that he too had kept some of the money for a worthy medical charity. The envelope, he admitted, had only $8000 in it. He said, he too could not bring himself to waste the money so frivolously when it could be used to benefit others.By this time the Lawyer was seething with self-righteous outrage. He expressed his deep disappointment in the felonious behavior of two of his oldest and most trusted friends. "I am the only one who kept his promise to our dying friend. I want you both to know that the envelope I placed in the coffin contained the full amount. Indeed, my envelope contained my personal check for the entire $25,000. ""


]]>
</TEXT>
</Humor>
