<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
<Humor>
<TEXT><![CDATA[


ITEM 98
"If you love something, set it free. If it comes back, it was, and always will be yours. If it never returns, it was never yours to begin with. If it just sits in your room, messes up your stuff, eats your food, uses your phone, takes your money, and never behaves as if you actually set it free in the first place, you either married it or gave birth to it."


ITEM 48
"A cop was driving down a country road when he saw a car in the ditch. He got out of his car to see if anyone was in the car. A blonde popped her head out the window and said "Thank god officer! I got in an accident! " The officer replied with "Well I can see that! Are you okay? " The blonde looked forward and said "Well yeah... I think so. " Then the officer looked around and said "Miss.... your car looks like an elephant stepped on it. How did you crash? " The blonde looked at him and said "It was so strange. I was driving down the road and out of nowhere a tree jumped infront of me, so I swerved to the other side and another tree was in the way, so I swerved again, but another one was there again, so one last time I swerved to the other side, but the damn tree got me, and caused me to go in this ditch! " The officer started to laugh hard. "Whats so funny? " The blonde asked. The officer took a second to catch his breath then said "Miss, theres no trees on this road for miles ahead. That was your car air freshner swinging back and forth! ""


ITEM 1169
"Q: How many social scientists does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: They do not change light bulbs; they search for the root cause as to why the last one went out"


ITEM 1706
"In the days of old sailing ships the captain of the Seahawk went out on deck to get some fresh air, when from above a cry came down from the crow 's nest: "Enemy ship off the port bow! " The captain said to the ensign standing next to him, "Get me my red shirt. " A battle ensued and the Seahawk prevailed. Two weeks later the captain was again on deck when another cry came from the crow 's nest, "Two enemy ships off the starboard bow! " The captain again says to the ensign, "Get me my red shirt. " After the battle was won the ensign asked the captain why he tells him to get his red shirt. The captain said that if he is wounded and the blood begins to flow the crew will not see that he was injured and keep on fighting. The crew overheard this and was proud to have such a brave captain leading them. A week later another cry came from the crow 's nest, "TEN enemy ships approaching! " The captain said to his ensign, "Get me my brown pants! ""


ITEM 1810
"President Clinton and the Pope died on the same day, and due to an administrative foul up, Clinton was sent to heaven and the Pope was sent to hell. The Pope explained the situation to the devil, he checked out all of the paperwork, and the error was acknowledged. The Pope was told, however, that it would take about 24 hours to fix the problem and correct the error. The next day, the Pope was called in and the devil said his good-byes as he went off to heaven. On his way up, he met Clinton who was on his way down. They stopped to chat. "Sorry about the mix up " says the Pope. "No problem, " replies Clinton. "Well, I 'm really excited about going to heaven. " Clinton asks, "Why 's that? " "Well, I 've always wanted to meet the Virgin Mary. "President Clinton replies, "you 're a day late "."


ITEM 750
"A man sees a woman joging down the street while throwing back her arms, pushing her chest out and repeating "I must, I must, increase my bust. Totally puzzled by this the man stops her. MAN: Why are you doing that. WOMAN: My doctor told me that doing this exercise and repeating I MUST, I MUST, INCREASE MY BUST, would help me get bigger boobs. MAN: It 's wasn 't doctor Simpson by any chance was it. WOMAN: Yes, but how did you know that. MAN: Oh well, I 've been to him too. WOMAN: Really, what for. MAN: Hickory dickory dock ...."


ITEM 39
"A girl came skipping home from school one day. "Mommy, Mommy, " she yelled, "we were counting today, and all the other kids could only count to four, but I counted to 10. See? 1, 2, 3, 4, 5,6, 7, 8, 9, 10! " "Very good, " said her mother.   "Is it because I 'm blonde? " the girl said.   "Yes, it 's because you 're blonde, " said the mommy. The next day the girl came skipping home from school. "Mommy, Mommy, " she yelled, "we were saying the alphabet today, and all the other kids could only say it to D, but I said it to G. See? A, B, C, D, E, F, G! " "Very good, " said her mother.   "Is it because I 'm blonde, Mommy? "   "Yes, it 's because you 're blonde. " The next day the girl came skipping home from school. Mommy, Mommy, "she yelled, "we were in gym class today, and when we showered, all theother girls had flat chests, but I have these! " And she lifted her tanktop to reveal a pair of 36Cs.   "Very good, " said her embarrassed mother. "Is it because I 'm blonde, mommy? " "No Honey, it 's because you 're 24. ""


ITEM 317
"One day in the great state of Alabama a man walks outside and hears this strange noise coming from one of his trees. He proceeds to walk over to his tree and looks up in the tree to find the source of this noise. What he finds is a large gorilla moving around in the top of his tree trying to get comfortable. The man stops and thinks to himself, "How on earth am i going to get this gorilla out of my tree? There aren 't any gorilla catchers in Alabama are there? "The man walks inside his house and gets his phone book and is looking in the animal control section and low and behold there actually is a gorilla catcher listed, so the man picks up the phone and calls the number. He reaches the gorilla catcher who says that he 'll be there in ten minutes. The gorilla catcher shows up in a big truck with a tool box in the back and a very large dog sitting on top of the tool box and a very large cage sitting in back of the tool box.  The gorilla catcher gets out of his truck and walks up to the man and shakes hands with him. The man then shows the gorilla catcher the tree and points up at the gorilla. After looking at the gorilla for a minute, the gorilla catcher walks back over to his truck and gets old Clyde off the tool box and gets out a gun and walks back over to the tree and sits the gun down next to old Clyde. The gorilla catcher looks over at the man and says, "Here 's the plan. I 'm gonna climb this here tree and knock the gorilla out. When the gorilla hits the ground old Clyde here 's gonna bite him in the nuts and hold on 'til I can get out of the tree and put the gorilla in the cage. Any questions? "The man can 't think of any so the gorilla catcher starts making his way up the tree. When the catcher gets almost halfway up the tree the man notices the shotgun next to old Clyde. He quickly calls up to the gorilla catcher and says, "Hey, what 's the gun for? "The gorilla catcher replies, "OH, that 's in case the gorilla knocks me out of the tree, I want u to shoot old Clyde before i hit the ground. ""


ITEM 1009
"Yo mama is so big she has her own zip code."


ITEM 1685
"A moron walks into a bar with a pile of dog crap in his hands and says, "Hey guys, look what I almost stepped in. ""


ITEM 660
"1. I can 't reach my license unless you hold my beer. 2. Sorry, Officer, I didn 't realize my radar detector wasn 't plugged in. 3. Aren 't you that guy from the Village People? 4. Hey, you must have been doin ' at least 120 mph to keep up with me...Good job! 5.  Didn 't I see you get your butt kicked on COPS? 6. I thought you had to be in relatively good physical condition to be a cop. 7. I almost decided to be a cop, but I decided to finish high school instead. 8. Bad cop! No donut! 9. You 're not gonna check the trunk, are you? 10. Gee, Officer...that 's terrific...the last officer only gave me a warning too! 11. Excuse me...is stick up hyphenated? 12. Wow, you look just like the guy in the picture on my girlfriend 's nightstand. 13. Is it true that people become cops because they 're too dumb to work at McDonald 's? 14. I pay your salary! 15. So, uh, you on the take, or what? 16. Gee, that gut sure doesn 't inspire confidence. 17. Do you know why you pulled me over? Okay, just so one of us does. 18. I was trying to keep up with traffic. Yes, I know there are no other cars around-that 's how far ahead of me they are. 19. What do you mean, "Have I been drinking? " You 're the trained specialist. 20. Well, when I reached down to pick up my bag of crack, my gun fell off my lap and got lodged between the brake pedal and the gas pedal, forcing me to speed out of control. 21. Hey, is that a 9 mm? That 's nothing compared to this .44 Magnum! 22. Hey, can you give me another one of those full cavity searches?"


ITEM 1913
"Q: How many running-dog lackeys of the bourgeoisie does it take to change a light bulb? A: Two. One to exploit the proletariat, and one to control the means of production!"


ITEM 285
"Two guys are drinking together at a bar and go into the bathroom. Standing at the latrine, Bill notices that his buddy is very well endowed. "Wasn 't always that way, " the buddy says. "It 's a transplant. I had it done over on Harley Street. It cost a thousand bucks, but as you can see, it 's well worth every cent. " So Bill visits the doctor on Harley Street that day. Six months later, the two guys meet up again at the bar. Bill explains, "I took your advice, but you were robbed. I got mine for $500, not a thousand. " They go back to the restroom to compare. "No wonder, " his buddy says, "That 's my old one! "."


ITEM 243
"A guy walks into a bar and sits down. He orders six shots of vodka. The bartender asks the man, "Have a rough day? " The man replies, "Yeah, I found out my younger brother was gay! " The bartender says, "Man, I 'm sorry to hear that. That 's awful. " The man downs the shots and leaves. The very next day the same man comes back into the bar and orders six more shots of vodka. Bartender asks the man, "What 's wrong today? " The man replies, "I just found out my older brother is gay. " Bartender says, "Man, I 'm sorry to hear that. That 's terrible. " The man downs his shots and leaves. The man returns again on the third day and again orders six shots of vodka. Bartender asks the man, "Another rough day? " The man says, "Yeah. " The bartender asks the man, "Does anyone in your family like women?? " The man says, "Yeah, my wife. ""


ITEM 256
"Sam had been in business for 25 years and is finally sick of the stress. He quits his job and buys 50 acres of land in Alaska as far from humanity as possible.Sam sees the postman once a week and gets groceries once a month. Otherwise it 's total peace and quiet.  After six months or so of almost total isolation, someone knocks on his door. He opens it and there is a huge, bearded man standing there. "Name 's Lars, your neighbor from forty miles up the road...Having a Christmas party Friday night... Thought you might like to come. About 5:00... " "Great, " says Sam, "after six months out here I 'm ready to meet some local folks. Thank you. "As Lars is leaving, he stops. "Gotta warn you... There 's gonna be some drinkin '. "Not a problem, " says Sam. "After 25 years in business, I can drink with the best of em. "Again, as he starts to leave, Lars stops. "More 'n ' likely gonna be some fightin ' too. "Sam says, "Well, I get along with people, I 'll be alright. I 'll be there. Thanks again. "Once again Lars turns from the door. "More 'n likely be some wild sex, too. " "Now that 's really not a problem, " says Sam, warming to the idea. "I 've been all alone for six months! I 'll definitely be there. By the way, what should I wear? "Lars stops in the door again and says, "Whatever you want. Just gonna be the two of us. ""


ITEM 1358
"These two guys, George and Harry, set out in a Hot Air balloon to cross the Atlantic Ocean. After 37 hours in the air, George says "Harry, we better lose some altitude so we can see where we are ". Harry lets out some of the hot air in the balloon, and the balloon descends to below the cloud cover. George says, "I still can 't tell where we are, lets ask that guy on the ground ". So Harry yells down to the man "Hey, could you tell us where we are? ". And the man on the ground yells back "You 're in a balloon, 100 feet up in the air ". George turns to Harry and says "That man must be a lawyer ". AndHarry says "How can you tell? ". George says "Because the advice he gave us is 100% accurate, and totally useless ".That 's the end of the Joke, but for you people who are still worried about George and Harry: They end up in the drink, and make the front page of the New York Times: "Balloonists Soaked by Lawyer "."


ITEM 337
"Two little kids, aged six and eight, decide it 's time to learn how to swear. So, the eight-year-old says to the six-year-old, "Okay, you say 'damn ' and I 'll say 'hell ' ". All excited about their plan, they troop downstairs, where their mother asks them what they 'd like for breakfast. "Aw, hell, " says the eight-year-old, "gimme some Cheerios. " His mother backhands him off the stool, sending him bawling out of the room, and turns to the younger brother. "What 'll you have? " "I dunno, " quavers the six-year-old, "but you can damn sure bet it ain 't gonna be Cheerios. ""


ITEM 1149
"I 've hated your looks from the stare they gave me."


ITEM 288
"Men are like.....Floor tile.Lay them right the first time and you can walk on them for a lifetime. Men are like.....Placemats. They only show up when there 's food on the table. Men are like.....Mascara.They usually run at the first sign of emotion. Men are like.....Bike helmets.Handy in an emergency, but otherwise they just look silly. Men are like.....Government bonds.They take so long to mature. Men are like.....Parking spots.The good ones are taken, and the rest are too small. Men are like.....Copiers.You need them for reproduction, but that 's about it. Men are like.....Lava lamps.Fun to look at, but not all that bright. Men are like.....Bank accounts.Without a lot of money, they don 't generate much interest. Men are like.....High heels.They 're easy to walk on once you get the hang of it.Men are like.....Curling irons.They 're always hot, and they 're always in your hair. Men are like.....Mini skirts.If you 're not careful, they 'll creep up your legs. Men are like.....Bananas.The older they get, the less firm they are."


]]>
</TEXT>
</Humor>
