<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
<Humor>
<TEXT><![CDATA[
ITEM 1094
"If I said anything to you that I should be sorry for, I 'm glad."


ITEM 1158
"Even your best friend cheats on you and lies to you, and that 's the best friend you can get."


ITEM 1406
"3 young boys were trying to figure out whose dad was the best:The first boy said, "my dad is so good he can shoot an arrow run after it, get in front of it and catch it in his bare hand. "The second boy said, "my dad is so good that he can shoot a gun, run after the bullet, get in front of it and catch it in his bare hand. "The third boy said, "I 've got you both beat, my dad so good because he works for the state of Florida. He gets off work at 5:00pm and is home by 4:30pm. ""


ITEM 1505
"The European Commission has just announced an agreement whereby English will be the official language of the European Union rather than German, which is the other possiblity. As part of the negotiations, Her Majesty 's Government conceded that English spelling had some room for improvement and has accepted a 5-year phase-in plan that would become known as "Euro-English. " In the first year, 's ' will replace the soft 'c '. Sertainly, this will make the sivil servants jump with joy. The hard 'c ' will be dropped in favour of the 'k '. This should klear up konfusion, and keyboards kan have one less letter. There will be growing publik enthusiasm in the sekond year when the troublesome 'ph ' will be replased with the 'f '. This will make words like 'fotograf ' 20% shorter. In the 3rd year, publik akseptanse of the new spelling kan be expekted to reach the stage where more komplikated changes are possible. Governments will enkourage the removal of double letters which have always ben a deterent to akurate speling. Also, al wil agre that the horibl mes of the silent 'e ' in the languag is disgrasful and it should go away. By the 4th yer peopl will be reseptiv to steps such as replasing 'th ' with 'z ' and 'w ' with 'v '. During ze fifz yer, ze unesesary 'o ' kan be dropd from vords kontaining 'ou ' and similar changes vud, of kors, be aplid to oza kombinations of letas. After ziz fifz yer, ve vil hav a reli sensibl riten styl. Zer vil be no mor trubl or difikultis and evrivun vil find it ezi tu understand ech oza. Ze drem of a united urop vil finali kum tru!"


ITEM 1705
"Q. What 's long and green and smells like pork?A. Kermit the frog 's finger."


ITEM 1495
"A young man wanted to get his beautiful blonde wife something nice for their first wedding anniversary. So he decides to buy her a cell phone. She is all excited, she loves her phone. He shows her and explains to her all the features on the phone. The next day the blonde goes shopping. Her phone rings and it 's her husband, "Hi hon, " he says. "How do you like your new phone? " She replies, "I just love it, it 's so small and your voice is clear as a bell but there 's one thing I don 't understand though. " "What 's that, baby? " asks the husband. "How did you know I was at WalMart? ""


ITEM 530
"A guy goes to the doctor for a checkup and the doctor says, "Well sir,I have bad news and I have worse news ". The guy says, "well gimme the worst news first ". The doc says, "well sir you have Cancer ". The guy says "that 's terrible news, but whats the bad news? " The doc says "well sir, you also have Alzheimers disease ". "Well ", answers the guy, "at least I don 't have Cancer "."


ITEM 1133
"A half-wit gave you a piece of his mind, and you held on to it."


ITEM 1722
"A car breaks down along the expressway one day, so the driver eases it over onto the shoulder of the highway. He jumps out of the car, opens the trunk, and pulls out two men in trench coats.The men stand behind the car, open up their coats and start exposing themselves to the oncoming traffic. This results in one of the worst pile-ups in history. When questioned by police why he put two deviates along the side of the road, the man replied, "I broke down and was just using my emergency flashers! ""


ITEM 344
"A mother, father and young son are visiting the circus. The elephants walk out into the circus ring and the little boy says to his mother, "What 's that? " "That 's the elephant 's tail, " she replies. "No, under the tail, " says the youngster. The mother is clearly embarrassed and says, "Oh, nothing. " The boy turns to his father and repeats the same question. His father looks and says, "That 's the elephant 's penis, son. " "So, why did mum say it was nothing? " asks the boy. The father draws himself up to his full height and says, "Son, I guess I 've spoiled that woman. ""


ITEM 1486
"Q: What does Tiger woods have better than Princess Diana?A: A driver"


ITEM 821
"God was tired and worn out. So he spoke to St. Peter. "You know, I need a vacation. Got any suggestions where I should go? " St. Peter, thinking, nodded his head, then said, "How about Jupiter? It 's nice and warm there this time of the year. " God shook His head before saying, "No, too much gravity. You know how that hurts my back. " "Hmmm, " St. Peter reflected. "Well, how about Mercury? " "No way! " God muttered. "It 's way too hot for me there! " "I 've got it, " St. Peter said, his face lighting up. "How about going down to Earth for your vacation? " Chuckling, God remarked, "Are you kidding? Two thousand years ago I went there, had an affair with some nice Jewish girl, and they 're STILL talking about it! ""


ITEM 458
"1.I 'm busy. You 're ugly. Have a nice day. 2.Warning : I have an attitude and I know how to use it. 3.Remember my name - you 'll be screaming it later. 4.Why do people with closed minds always open their mouths? 5.I 'm a multi-tasker : I can talk and tick you off at the same time. 6.Do NOT start with me. You will NOT win. 7.You have the right to remain silent, so please SHUT UP. 8.Don 't tick me off! I 'm running out of places to hide the bodies. 9.Guys have feelings too. But, like . . . who cares? 10.I don 't believe in miracles. I rely on them. 11.Next mood swing : 6 minutes and counting. 12.I hate everybody, and you 're next. 13.Please don 't make me kill you. 14.And your point is . . . 15.I used to be schizophrenic, but we 're OK now. 16.All stressed out and no one to choke. 17.I 'm one of those bad things that happen to good people. 18.How can I miss you if you won 't go away? 19.They aren 't hot flashes, they 're power surges! 20.Of course I don 't look busy . . . I did it right the first time."


ITEM 1917
"Q: How many big black monoliths does it take to change a light bulb? A: Sorry, light bulbs are an evolutionary dead end."


ITEM 1011
"Yo mama so fat that when god said let there be light, he asked her to move over"


ITEM 1748
"Three blondes were stuck on an island. then, a magic fairy appeared and gave them each a wish. The first one asked to be really smart, so the fairy turned her into a red head and she swam off the island. The second blonde asked to be even smarter, so the fairy turned her into a brunette and she built a boat and sailed off the island. The third blonde asked to be smartest of them all, so the fairy turned her into a man and he walked across the bridge."


ITEM 1638
"A speaker was having a little trouble getting started in his speech. All of the sudden someone from the audience shouted: "Tell 'em everything you know. It will only take a mintue. " "I 'll tell e 'm what we both know, " shot back the speaker. "It won 't take any longer. ""


ITEM 1466
"To the optimist, the glass is half full. To the pessimist, the glass is half empty. To the Accountant , the glass is twice as big as it needs to be."


ITEM 427
"A middle aged woman has a heart attack. While on the operating table she has a near death experience. She sees God, and asks if this is it. God says no, that she has another 30-40 years to live. She recovers, and decides to stay in the hospital and have a face lift, liposuction, tummy tuck, hair dyed, etc. She figures since she 's got another 30 or 40 years she might as well make the most of it. She walks out of the hospital after the last operation and immediately gets hit by an ambulance. She arrives in front of God and asks, "I thought you said I had another 30 or 40 years? " To which God replies, "To tell you the truth, I didn 't recognize you. ""


ITEM 465
"A woman sends her clothing out to the Chinese laundry. When it comes back there are still stains in her panties. The next week she enclosesa note to the Chinaman that says, "Use more soap on panties. "This goes on for several weeks, the woman sending the same note to thelaundry.Finally fed up the Chinaman responded with his own note that said, "Use more paper on ass. ""


]]>
</TEXT>
</Humor>
